    I use Bose QC25 ANC. So comparing Rs15000 product to Rs 5000 product. Active
Noise canceling is meant not to choke the ear sound but to cancel the
frequencies of humming sounds of Drone, Aeroplane, AC, Trains, Fans etc. I found
Taotronic does 80 % of ANC in comparision to Bose QC25, its simply mind blowing
for me. Before staring a music please switch on ANC switch to see how much
humming sound cancelled. In my view Taotronic is perfect for the job.Next comes
Sound quality. Ear plugs are perfect fir. I ordered foam ear plugs for more
comfort. In comparision to Bose QC25 sound stage is not great, but all
frequencies are well balanced for long duration listening.Bass is great not over
powering mids and high frequencies. Please listen in low volume when ANC is on.
Bose has scientifically made it volume reasonable not to affect hearing loss.At
the end i can say my seller and AMAZON  sent a genuine product for which i am
satisfied fully.Many American customers are not satisfied due to some quality
issues, may be those are not Original Taotronic EP002.Kudos to Amazon India for
genuine supplier of each product at affordable price.
    My main reason for buying this headset was to make professional calls since
it had a feature, MEMS noise cancelling microphone. However it didn't work well
for my calls, taken from my home or office (have not tried in busy crowded place
like market/bus). The ceiling fan or AC sounds were also not cancelled. I had to
return it as it didn't solve my purpose.
    This is my first impression after an initial usage. The noise cancelling
feature for which I purchased this headset was functioning very well and met my
expectations. Compared to more expensive options, I believe this unit is
reasonable.Update: Really impressed with this headset..noise cancellation of
continuous noise is superb. Music can be enjoyed with lower volume level..Good
stuff :-)
    Honestly speaking the reason behind buying these earphones is Curiosity and
the ability to own an ANC headset of this spec list for this cheap a price. I
once tried the Bose QC 20i at a Reliance Digital store and was surprised how ANC
actually has Legit science behind it. Also realized that it's NOT a cheap tech
(5 times more than these earphones). 2 years later when I saw these TaoTronics
providing similar specs for such a low cost, it made me think 'Might as well own
an ANC earphone'. I did love the idea of damping ambient noise during bus and
train commute (partly to lower the annoyance and partly to allow a lower volume
level leading to a 'Safer' hearing experience).Finally I received the headset,
been listening to it for a few days. Trying in different ambient noise
environments. Honestly I feel like I got more than what I expected really. Right
now am riding on a Train, as am writing this review. I shall try to be as clear
as possible to 'explain' what these headset actually does to Noise.Mind you, one
needs to have some realistic expectations with products like this. What you are
buying is not going to give you the feel of late night pin drop silence in an
environment with noise. What it 'is' going to give u, is satisfactory
nonetheless.ANC headsets in general ONLY cancels out Lower frequency noise and
noticeably lowers mid frequencies, keeping the extreme highs untouched. No ANC
can cancel out Human Voice (only lower it a bit). Sounds that we hear, for eg :
the roaring of engine, passing of a vehicle at high speed, sound of a train, etc
contains a combination of various Low, mid and high frequency elements. As you
put on these earphones the very first thing you notice is obvious noise
'isolation' due to the earbuds. You hear all the usual sounds, albeit a bit
muffled thanks to the earbuds. The moment you turn on the ANC button, INSTANTLY
you notice that the 'Low' frequency element (as mentioned above) is totally gone
(humming kinda constant sound). The 'mid' frequency element is slightly
noticeable while the 'high' frequency elements stay on. Its like you are playing
a recording of the 'Noise' you are hearing on a music system with the 'Bass' and
'Mids' equalizer nobs lowered all the way. What's left is a mild shrill version
of the actual Noise. For example, right now in this train I can only hear the
Treble part of the noise of the train, almost indistinguishable. All these
without playing any music. Yes, you can actually use these without even plugging
it in an audio source.Also you will notice that the ANC switch applies an
Equalizer of sorts (kindly like a headphone portable DAC does) which enhances
the Bass, Mids and Clarity. I just LOVE the changed sound.Overall with the ANC
working and the EQ Applied by the ANC unit the sound you end up hearing will
leave you FULLY satisfied. Its a fun sounding headset.As for comfort and build,
refer to other reviews for details. In short, the earbuds aren't like
conventional ones, it's Oval in shape. Damn comfortable. Also has separate
earhooks that keep these fixed at one place (no head jerks can make it lose). As
for the complaints of people saying the ANC unit is heavy without a clip
provided, I haven't yet noticed it (probably because am sitting, if I start
walking I do kinda feel that it probably will be gently yanking on my ears). Oh
and the ANC unit is Metal, it's obvious by how cold it is to one's touch.The
'awareness' button is a very useful thing too. It just stops the ANC function
and relays outside sound with couple of extra decibels into your ears (it's not
simply allowing sound to enter by turning off the ANC, it 'actually' records
outside sound through the inbuilt mics on each ear and play the same using the
sound drivers, all these without any lag.)Am a Happy and Satisfied Customer.
Taotronics...... EXCELLENT product!!!!Its performance is definitely close to the
BOSE ones I heard long ago, while costing 5 times less.(The Picture attached
shows the ANC unit.)
    Very Good Build Quality and Sound quality. The active noise cancellation
blocks a lot of ambient noise, and while hearing music, you can't even hear
someone talking in front of you. Don't expect it to stop some drilling sound
though, even better headphones can't do that. I would recommend this over
Samsung ANC Earphones. Battery also last for about 2 days on moderate usage.
Definite 10/10 for me.
    First things first, don't compare this with Bose (don't compare anything
with Bose).For 4300(I got it for 3900)these are best in class, there's probably
nothing in this price range(0-10k) to beat it.if u want something better than
this u have to go for BOSE,cause this sets a new benchmark there!Noise
Cancellation:It is very is good,it totally cancels background noise but vocals
remain.Ex: if u switch on ANC in a theatre u will here only dialogues no
BGM!!!and it's not total noise cancellation it's clearly mentioned that it'll
reduce noise to a minimum of 25dB, don't expect total NC for this price.Sound
Quality: No Words!!!OK,few words! BLOWN AWAY.was hesitant to buy TaoTronics at
first Caz I had never heard of it,was using senheiser cx 180 before,it had set a
benchmark for sound quality so was looking to buy from them but they don't have
a good collection of earphones above 1k,they had only earphones.but these are
class, crystal clear sound.all those ANC and that extra button with it combined
will leave u surprised.Value For Money: 5/5 the build quality is amazing.the
wires are thick,metal body,matte finish.great sound and superb. Noise
cancellation.Cons:1)Clip should have been there,the ANC is heavy, it'll pull Ur
earbuds down,if u r not careful. 2) wire tangles(but I don't mind that!)3)
nothing else!!!!Buy It, Experience it.
    This is one of the best anc earphones that is nearly unbelievable for the
price . I had doubts about the product at first but beginning to love it . The
seller in particular was very good in packaging and super speed shipping , so a
special mention to him . That you orginmarketing.in and amazon
    These are my first pair of noise cancellation earphones and they are great.
I'm no audiophile and can't comment on the sound quality, but I don't have any
complaints either. However I absolutely love the noise cancellation. I mostly
use it when I'm outdoors, among public and it does a fantastic job of blocking
out external sounds.It's not perfect of course, if someone is talking right
beside you, you can hear them but their voice would be muffled. Or someone honks
around you, you can hear it. But things like a fan nearby, or a machine or motor
are cut out to a large extent. Basically it reduces a lot of the ambient noise,
and even sudden noises are attenuated greatly. So you can hear the stuff playing
in your earphones more clearly.I liked this so much that I bought another pair
within a few weeks. After a year of use (not very frequent admittedly) they are
still working fine. The noise cancellation on this was better than a pair of
Sennheiser ANC around the ear headphones that cost double this... after
discount!
    For this price , does its job completely, the material quality is good, the
sound quality is good, and most importantly the noise canceling is good, the
only con here, or lacking here is the earbud rubber material which is a very
smooth one and slips out of ear, should have been a rough rubber one, and
secondly there are no other rubber locks / hooks given for comfort choices hence
4 stars than 5.
    Amazing product for the money. Active noise cancelling headphones cost a
lot. This is a cheaper product which offers good noise cancelling albeit a bit
mild.Update 3: This has really grown on me and I love the noise cancellation
feature.Update 2: Much better after using a clip to reduce the weight of the
earplugs. Still feel a clip should be included in the box to offset the battery
weight.Update 1: After 2 days of using it, I've noticed that the earplugs are
heavy and they give me a neck ache every time I wear them for more than 30
minutes. I'm not sure whether it's due to the dangling noise cancellation module
but even after clipping that to my shirt, they feel heavier than normal
earplugs. Reduced rating.
    Does perfect job as mentioned.. It reduces more than 90% of the Noise and
but not the Voice.. battery backup is awesome. I have used it in very noisy
areas like mumbai airport and local trains too and these earphones did great job
reducing unwanted noise.. also i found these better than the $amsung level in
ones..
    Earlier being used to treble heavy Sony earphones... This was bass heavy to
my ears. But slowly I started loving its sound quality. Stereo effects are also
good.Being a first time user of noise cancellation, I wasn't expecting much out
of this at its price range, and loved what I got with this. It's subtle but you
will feel the difference. It helps during my daily office commute. Noone should
expect complete silence out of this.There is one issue - with noise cancelling
on, when my office bus passes over some big potholes of my city, there is some
added noise in the earphones.To sum up, for me, this was value for money.
    My product stopped working in less than a month. When I tried to charge via
usb cable, there was a slight spark and that was the end of it and a loss of
5000 Rs! When I called amazing they said return timeframe is over . When I asked
for service centre , they said they are not aware and I need to google it. I
sent a direct message to Tao tronics via twitter and they said the following: I
must say , I have no issues with Tao tronics but with amazonI noticed that your
headphone was sold by the seller Gadgefreakz75 rather than Sunvalley.
Unfortunately, we did not authorize this seller to sell our products. In this
case, we would recommend you to contact the seller for  the warranty requst.In
addition, the following are excluded from TaoTronics warranty cover:• Products
purchased as 2nd hand or used• Products purchased from unauthorized retailer and
distributor• Damage resulted from misuse and abusive action• Damage resulted
from chemical, fire, radioactive substance, poison, liquid• Damage resulted from
natural disaster• Damage caused to any 3rd party / person / device and
beyondThanks for your understanding in advance!
    Good and comfortable fit, noise isolation and noise cancellation is overall
satisfactory. Compared with some Sony wireless models but not with Bose. Found
it to be comparable to Sony in noise cancellation, sound quality is good,
balanced sound, good bass extension and good highs goes up till 16khz midrange
is also balanced. But wind noise and wire noise is sometimes disturbing in noise
cancellation mode.
    A great product. Using it for my day to day life. The active noise
cancelling dulls out the noise of fans, Air Conditioner and most other dull
noises of the surroundings. The sound quality is great, good bass and decent
mids. Definately worth buying. A great value for money.
    Very expensive and noise cancelling does not cancel voices. Amazon did not
return and refund. Never going to trust Amazon with buying new products as they
are extremely sly in refund policy. They dont arrange return pick ups easily so
they don't loose money once got.
    Fairly priced for the performance offered. However, the processing unit is
pretty heavy to let off to dangle without a clip. You feel the weight hanging
off your ears. Too bad to have left that unattended, designers. And don't even
think about using this earphones during your regular gym workout or while
jogging
    I have been using it for the past few weeks now. These are a good bunch of
earphones. I am used to travelling in an AC bus to and from office every day.
The noise cancellation cuts out a good amount of traffic noise(Though it could
have been better). With my samsung ordinary headphones, i used to keep the
volume above 90% during my travel. With these, the noise cancellation helps me
keep it to around 50% or below. The only thing i dont like about this is the
size of the NC unit. It feels like it pulls my earphones down with the weight
but they are stuck in them due to the locks. Ofcourse they have never fallen
off, but the pull is there. And they do not look that expensive.
    I have been using Bose Quite Comfort for a bit now. Wanted to see if ear
plugs would be more comfortable for long flights. Although the product does what
it should do at the price it is, however if you compare it with Bose it would
terribly fail in Sound as well as ANC.
    Really good product for the money you spend.Definitely a good and cheap
alternative for BoseBut needs more refinement.Rest is great
    It's very good for noise cancellation. It works for most of the common noise
around . And also the audio quality is good(bass is in the mid range). Only one
suggestion cable quality could be better .
    Disappointed with the isolation it has to offer.I can hear surrounding
Cristal clear.ANC is only isolating 20 - 30% of noise.It only makes the noise
smooth and easy on your ears.
    The ear buds slip out of my ears after a few minutes. To keep them in, I
need to constantly re-adjust and push them in. The ear bud quality is quite
flimsy. Was expecting better.
    Except human voice frequency (which is also reducing by a margin) everything
else is getting suppressed real good. Good built. Very nice sound stage
especially with ANC on. Good buy.
    Noise cancellation is only marginally effective. Should have been better.
Sound quality is good.
    Nothing to dislike. Only time will tell about the products durability.
    Good product, ANC need to improve
    Amazing Product. Does a bang for the buck job of reducing external noise.
    Good initially but started having problems with mic now
    The Best Noise Cancelling Earphones on Amazon. 1/5th the price of Bose QC
20’s and 80-85 percent of the noise cancelling ability of QC20
    Best earphones
    excellent product
    This product has no noise cancellation. It is just a rip off.
    Amazing product for that price
    Awesome
    Way exceeded my expectations although not quite in the Bose league , but for
1/4th the price  these do an amazing job.. the ANC really works on continuous
humming sounds of airplane engines as well as ambient motor traffic and air
conditioner noises. Good battery life and pretty good sound signature too..
however I've given it one star less because the wire/cable material used seems
like an obsolete kind of rubber or so ...quite unlike the modern earphone
cables, also  the battery hangs pretty high up at the neck or chest level so an
additional "clip" would do wonders along with this product.  Over all a good
experience with these. Super fast delivery by Amazon. Recommended!!
    I tried this on a long international air trip from India to the US, and
again on my return journey back to India. I used it to watch movies and listen
to music from the in-flight entertainment system. It served the purpose very
well and I am satisfied with my purchase. The movie audio was clear and the
earphones were sufficiently effective in blocking out the engine roar. The music
sounded good (and deep), though certainly not audiophile level. The battery
lasted long enough without needing a recharge. In any case USB ports were
available at every seat in the airplane.I also use this sometimes at home or
office to block out noise while working. Does the job reasonably well. But I
don't work in a very high noise environment so normal earphones suffice as
well.Overall I feel this is good value for money. You'll probably get better
quality with the expensive products from Bose, am not sure. But even those don't
give audiophile audio output as per reviews. So if you don't travel by air very
frequently/don't have a noisy environment, you probably shouldn't waste too much
money on more expensive options.
    Just amazing noise cancellation for this price. I have all BOSE products and
this one is as good as the other ones. The BOSE Noise cancelling with wire
(don't have the ref with me) is as good as this one but far more expensive and
does not fit in ears as this one.The headset bose is better but normal as it
keep the ear closedThe noise cancelling of Sony is just rubbish compared to
theseBuy this one, you'll not regret it
    It's better than my bose wireless II headphones and pairing it with my honor
view 10 3 audio supported phone, the listening experience is truly amazing when
ANC is turned on. Battery recharges in one hour and provides ANC for atleast 10
hours for one full charge.
    I bought these for mowing the grass. The noise cancellation works pretty
good for the price, but does not completely block out that level of sound. I do
not need the volume up all the way, so it is better than my other non-cancelling
earbuds.The switch works well to turn on/off the NC and the battery lasts for at
least the 15 hours they claim. The "M" button is basically Mute - it mutes the
music but amplifies the ambient sounds.There are multiple ear pieces so that you
can fit them securely. I do not need to keep reaching up to fit them better.
More strenuous exercising might loosen them up a little, but a bike ride and
power walk is ok.The sound quality is not amazing, but for the price, they are
better than more expensive non-NC buds. Decent base, mid range is ok, treble
gets a little tinny at higher volume, but the NC helps with that.The only
Negative I have is that there was no clip - the battery pack is a little weighty
and can pull on your ears. I pulled the clip off an old set of Samsung earbuds
and it fit perfectly.Very happy with them for the price. Will buy again.
    I bought these years ago and I still use them, especially for flights. I
hate the over-the-ears noise cancelling headphones because they start hurting my
head during a long period wear. On international flights that are 10+ hours, I
can't possibly keep them on, which is why these earbuds are perfect. They block
out external noise well and I can watch movies on the plane without turning up
the volume to maximum and blowing out my ears. I also wear them for sleeping too
on long flights because it cancels out the drink cart noise and passenger noise
well.
    Yes, you have to charge these to get the noise cancellation to work
otherwise they are just another pair of earbuds. The cord to charge them is so
short that you can't charge them and wear the earphones at the same time. This
is inconvenient if you are wearing them for more than a couple of hours.The
sound is good, the noise cancellation is good when they're charged, and they are
comfortable for a few hours...after that they started to make my ears sore.
    This ear buds worked great, but had a few problems. The ear bud comes with
different sizes which was nice,  but they kept falling off and getting lost. I
went threw all the sizes they sent and had to buy a ln ear bud replacement set
at well. Another problem I had was that the plug part started to separate from
the housing to exposed wires. I taped it to stop it from seperating. Today the
wires and the plug snapped. I cannot use the headphones anymore. I'm
disappointed they last longer considering the price!
    These are excellent earphones, and the noise cancellation works well. I sit
under a huge, loud air vent at work, and these earphones kept me from losing my
mind from hours of sitting in that loud spot. When one of the speakers in the
ear bud became detached after 10 months of use, I reached out to the seller,
Sunvalley Brands, to ask if I was covered under the 12 month warranty. The
seller responded promptly, and offered to send me a replacement item for free,
which I received shortly after. I'm giving 5 stars for the quality of the
product and for the excellent customer service I received. Highly recommended!
    I haven't used these as much as I thought I would, until I started
motorcycle riding again.  The profile is perfect for helmet wearing with good
sound, and zapping out a lot of wind and engine noise while still being able to
hear things like emergency vehicles.  They are fairly flat with a very small
battery pack that is not in your ears.  6 stars for motorcycling.
    Fair quality of noise cancellation. You still hear a lot of background noise
and it seems to induce some new noise rather than cancel existing noise. The
buds fit ok, but you do have to work them to get a perfect tight fit for most
effective cancellation. The battery lasts for overseas long air flights but they
are not that comfortable so your ears start to hurt from the earbuds.
    Bought it for my boyfriend specifically for the noise cancelling feature
since he works in a noisy office. He said it actually enhances the surrounding
noises and I thought he was being too nitpicky, but as bizarre as it is, you do
notice the surrounding noises more with the noise cancelling feature.
    I got these to use at work when I'm on my lunch break. They do not cancel
out all outside sound but they do help. The battery life is also pretty good and
they recharge quickly.
    These lasted three days shy of two years - daily use. For their cheaper
price, with no other problems, I would buy another pair if they were still
available.
    Pretty decent headphones but they don't noise cancel worth anything.  Maybe
it's also because I own the Bose ones so that's like comparing a race car to a
cactus.  Anyways, giving 3 stars because the sound quality and fit are good but
it don't do nothing for noise cancellation in my opinion.
    Bought them for travel and have taken them on multiple plane rides, and now
two years later I wear them to work. They are constantly, 8 hours a day every
day, and have zero issues. Sound quality, durability, comfort, got everything.I
have never used other noise cancellation devices before so I can't speak to that
as much, but in my experience it took me about 15 seconds to get used to it, and
then was immersed in the sound.
    Great for repetitive background noise only, I wish the product had and auto-
off feature because the battery is not that great, that being said for airplanes
its excellent
    For travel
    My sister in law is very sensitive to noise and uses them for when she's
riding the train through loud tunnels. She loves them, says they're a lifesaver.
    Broke after a few months. Right earpiece has no noise coming out of it.
Quite disappointed for the price I paid.
    I am very satisfied with this productBut only problem im having right now is
i lost ear buds and cant find one that fits hereWould it be possible to buy only
ear buds?
    Nice product for the mony you paid.
    Great product
    This is a terrible product! Doesn’t work and died one day after I turned it
on. Couldn’t even use it on my 11 h flight. Garbage! Don’t buy it! It’s waste of
money. Returning
    Liked it a lot!!!!
    Title says it all
    These are great headphones for the price. I didn't want to spend 100.00 + to
drown out the door I sit next to. These help. One of the ear pieces came off
though. I superglued it back and it's now fine. Only bummer is I thought there
was a warranty, which I now can't find info on. That said, I still love the
headphones, especially at this price point.
    But the wires broke down within a 4 months
