    仕事用にと思い購入。音質は普通に良い。通話に関しても相手が聞きづらいとかいうのもなし。ただ、頻繁に接続しましたとなるのが鬱陶しいかも。あと、長押ししたら
電源のオンオフが出来るはずだけど、知らないうちに接続されてることがあり、本体での通話の妨げになることが多々ある。勝手につながるというのが致命的ではあるので、これ
がどうにかなればそこそこ使えるイヤホンマイクだと思う。
    スマホのナビ案内バイクでも車でもこれがあれば安心！案内を聞き逃すことが無くなり、ヘルメットでも装用感も良く快適です。
    ２個購入して１週間程度使ったところです。電波の飛びはいいと思います。音についても特に不満はありません。ただ、バッテリーの充電がいまいち（充電時に点灯した
ランプが消灯しても、接続したときに90%などフルに充電されていない？）です。また充電器から取り外すと電源がONになって接続されたり、接続していても、音が出ていな
いときに接続が切れたり入ったりを繰り返すなど、動作が不安定（これが仕様？）。
    前回他で、違う物を購入したのですが、通話が上手くいかず、今回はこちらで購入させていただきました。電源のオン、オフ等のお知らせは英語だったので、わかりやす
くて良かったです。あと、車の中にスマホを置いたまま車外に出ての通話も問題ありませんでした！良い買い物でした(^^)ありがとうございました(__)
    価格のわりに良い商品です。
    音質など詳しくないので専門的なことは書けませんが、特にノイズなど問題なく使えております。日本語の説明書は同封されていなかったがペアリングも簡単でした。充
電の持ちも今のところ記載通りで満足しております。
    直ぐに壊れた。充電が出来なくなった。
    価格よし、質も良いです。フルフェイスヘルメットでも圧迫しません。
    最高ですが耳から落ちる事がよくある。もう少しフィット感があれば言う事なし。
    日本語の説明書も入ってないし、マルチペアリングも出来ない。最悪の商品。金返せって言いたい
    ３回目の使用で壊れた。音も悪かった。笑うしかなかった。
    この価格でこのクオリティなら文句ありません。ヘルメットをかぶるので、このサイズのイヤホンが欲しかったからとても気に入ってます。
    I bought this because the types with an earhook are a problem when wearing
glasses and now a mask. This doesn't interfere with either, it's super
lightweight and I barely notice I'm wearing it, except that my hearing of
ambient sounds on that side is limited because it fits so well.The sound is very
good; when I first got it, I played some music on my phone to test it out, and
was amazed at the clarity of the bass.I could see where those people who
misplace things would easily lose this or its USB charger, as they are quite
little. I keep things in a specific spot, every time after use, so I'm not
worried about losing them.So far, I'm happy with this. I'll update at a later
date if there's any additional good, or any bad, aspects.
    I am mainly using this earbud for listening to podcasts as I fall asleep at
night. So far after the first week or two I can say the following about the
strengths (and maybe minimal weaknesses) of this earbud:>Perfect size and fit
for my ear--doesn't fall out in the middle of the night.>I often fall asleep
with it in my ear and suffer no discomfort even if I end up lying on that side
with my earbud ear pressed against the pillow.>I don't wake up with it blaring
low battery in my ear so the battery life has been very good at least until
morning now granted that is not on the whole time but it's a mixture of couple
hours of use and maybe four or five hours of standby>The little silicone ear
caps are the good kind that fit over a little ridge and don't just slide on the
end of the nub of the earbud--those other kind invariably end up staying in your
ear when you remove the earbud because they slip off the earbuds so
easily.>Connects automatically when I remove from the charger and disconnects
when I put it back on the charger. This latter fact is really important as
anyone knows who has had the experience of missing phone calls because they're
going to the earbuds that didn't disconnect!>Volume is plenty loud.>Tiny
unobtrusive light when charging but not when in use in your ear.>This last one
maybe obvious but some earbuds are not shaped like this and only fit in the left
ear or right ear-- this one is interchangeable between left and right ear.I have
to be really nitpicky here to think of negatives but here they are:>Even the
lowest volume on my phone and podcast player is just maybe a hair louder than I
would prefer for nighttime listening with at least some podcasts...but not a
deal breaker. YMMV depending on your phone, volume control, app, original
source, etc.>Uncertain fidelity for music...It might be just fine but who
listens to music with one ear? I'm simply not using it for that purpose at this
point in time at least so I don't know how good it is for music.>The button to
pause and play requires a little bit of hard clicky pressure but here again not
a deal-breaker-- it doesn't hurt or anything like pressing it into your ear
drum.So there you have it ...oh I almost forgot another positive--it was dirt
cheap... think I paid eight bucks.Thumbs up please if this was helpful!
    I absolutely love this single wireless earbud!!  It’s exactly what I was
looking for and so much more than I expected for the price.  I wanted to get a
single earbud so I could listen to podcasts and books as I walk my dog.  I only
wanted a single earbud bc I wanted to still be able to still hear cars and
things around me on my walk.  This earbud is the best!  It’s so comfortable and
fits in either ear. It’s also very discreet.  You can only see I have it in my
ear if you are looking at that side of my face.  Looking straight on, you can’t
even tell that it’s in my ear.  The battery life is great and I love that the
charger is also a holder for the earbud.  The sound quality is amazing, very
clear and the volume control is great.  I was so surprised bc I can even talk on
the phone with it in my ear!  The ppl on the phone said they can hear me just
like I was holding my phone.  This is great bc I can multitask, talk on the
phone and use both of my hands to do whatever I want.  I like to use it when I
clean too. The Bluetooth distance is also very remarkable.  I can have my phone
inside and still carry in groceries from my car without losing connection.  I
can also have my phone 2 rooms away and the Bluetooth earbud stays connected
perfectly.  I honestly don’t know how I made it this long without this single
earbud in my life lol.  It’s a great deal and an amazing earbud.
    Pretty good for the price. I wanted a single earbud to listen to podcasts at
work. You can just push the button to pause it and having just one earbud in
makes it easier to listen at work when you might get interrupted. I've had
several different kinds of this product and this is as good as any of them.
Can't say what the sound quality is like because I don't use it for music.
Sounds fine for podcasts.
    I've only used this a few times for phone calls and I was surprised that I
could be heard by the other party so good and they come through clearly as well.
I usually use this at night to listen to books before I go to sleep, so that I
don't disturb my husband. It stays in place while I'm awake. When I fall asleep
it does end up coming out and I have to hunt for it a bit. Overall a good buy
and I would buy it again.
    This is a very portable and functional earbud. A USB Charger is included.It
came in charged and ready to use.I was able to use it to connect to my iPhone
and listen to music and make phone calls.Very functional and easy to use.I think
it can be a good-to-have when driving.Great product!
    Great item. It fits in my ear well and sounds good for a basic earbud. One
thing I *really* like is that it uses a standard micro USB cable to charge
instead of a custom one that is device specific. I have tons of these cables so
it makes it easy and convenient to charge the item. Also, it provides a battery
level indicator on my Android phone.
    The sound quality of this ear bud is quite impressive along with a nice
price.  I can only use one ear bud at work because I have to keep one ear open
for the phone or people at the door.  Listening time is very good and I get at
least 4 hours of listening time if not more.  It was very easy to sync to my
phone and it actually stays synced!!
    Arrived promptly! I dont know about battery life cause I will not be using
this product got it today made a couple phone calls & people on other line were
not happy!!!!!Poor sound quality for me & them figured I try them for $10 since
reviews looked good maybe I got a dud idk but for price not even worth running
around to return oh well cant win them all!
    Very lightweight and extremely comfortable. Stays connected up to 150 ft.
Battery life is a little over 5 hours, which is not bad. I have had a lot of
these and paid nearly three times as much for some of them. They are not any
better and in some cases not this good. Exceptional product.
    For the price this is very nice. I bought two so I'd have a spare if the
battery didn't last long enough.It falls out of my ear sometimes so I have to be
careful. I listen to audio books so the doing is good for that.
    Nice little earbud. I use it when I sleep to listen to my nature sounds and
it works as described. It's small and comfortable enough to wear while lying on
a pillow, and I like the fact that its universal and I can switch ears while I
toss and turn my body throughout the night.
    This is the second one i own. I love the small size of it and the ear bud
fits perfectly. Easy to pair with my phone. I took a star away d/t the battery
life which is why i bought 2! ( solved the problem!)
    I accidentally washed my previous earbud. Didn't want to pay a lot so took a
chance on this one. Functions great! Sound quality is perfect. I would
definitely recommend.
    After receiving it, I can't wait to open it and have a look. I really like
it. It's a mini earphone. I don't feel tired when I wear it on my ears. Besides,
it's professionally designed and has a very good fit with my ears. Running?
Nothing will fall off. The earphone's sound quality is good. The key is that
it's cheap. I'm going to buy another one for my sister.
    It's priced low so I can't complain too much but the battery seems to die
quick and people on the other end hear an echo of their own voice.
    Works great, sounds good, good battery life. Only complaint is that it
automatically turns on and connects when it's removed from the charger.
    Sometimes two small and occasionally  will loosen. Having said take, I enjoy
The sound when listening to music or phone calls.
    Es muy cómodo de usar, pero definitivamente NO lo recomiendo, no le dura
Nada la batería, recién  cargado y no dura ni 1hr.
    YOUR INSTRUCTIONS MANUAL IS LITERALLY ALMOST ILLEGIBLE .I COULDNT READ IT
WITH A MAGNIFYING GLASS.HIW DO YOU SEND OUT A GOOD PRODUCT LIKE THAT
    This fits without any fuss. Button is easy to navigate and charging is a
breeze. Great ear peace at a great price.
    The battery life is terrible, however the sound quality is good but it only
lasts about 3hrs.
    Size is great but hard !to tell if fully charged/  I don't like it connects
to devices when I have turned it off.
    great value for the money, would not recommend for music, but anything else
is good.
    this product come in today, I follow the product instruction charge it for 2
hours only I'm eager to try it out. I pair with iPhone 6s plus it's was very
easy to connect to my phone. I call my friend while driving the conversation was
very clear on the other side not even noted I'm using the Bluetooth device. I'm
very happy with this purchase will refer to my friends
    I bought this because my boyfriend and I are long distance, so we are on the
phone together during our free time. This earpiece is great because it gives me
the freedom to talk hands and wire-free. The sound quality is good, battery is
great, and he says that my mic is good. Must buy!
    The sound quality is very good, the logistics are very fast, the goods are
complete.The headphones are very small and I like them very much.It helps me a
lot when I'm driving.Excellent quality and reasonable price
    I drive for work and use this for phone calls. It fits in my ear better than
any I have tried. The sound quality is great. It does say the number calling
instead of a ring. I'm still getting used to that. It will also disconnect and
reconnect while the phone is in my pocket. Overall, I would highly reccommend.
    Best Buds Ever...As a "Top Flight" lady, I appreciate the comfort and
battery life....Thanks So Much 😍💯
    Instruction manual needs editing (correct grammar) for usa users. Came 60%
charged - enough to test if it works. Amazon description stated X15 but when
pairing it shows device name was X12. Sound seems good. Fits comfotably in
either left or right ear. May change to 5 star later if it battery life is as
advertised. Nice surprise....i review n i can get a 2nd device free.
    Perfect for what I need it for. I like to listen to audio books and podcasts
at work and needed an earbud that was small enough to fit in my ear and stay put
while I moved around all day. Connects easily, lasts for hours and charges
quickly.
    He sound on this  thing is amazing battery life we will find haven’t tested
it out yet and the Quality when you touch it it’s still very well
    I listen to audiobooks at night. Works fine for just that. Music & phone
don’t use so can’t comment.
    I often like to run and exercise. When I get up in the morning and go for a
run, I put on my headphones and listen to music. I feel very comfortable. When I
work out in the gym, I also like to put on my headphones and feel the joy that
music brings. I want to hear good music, naturally, a good earpiece. I got it.
    I love that it is so light weight, the price was great. The sound quality is
very good. Very good gift to give
    Powerful tiny earbud that fits perfectly On either ear
    I really like this earbud - it fits well in my small ears without slipping
or falling out even when I'm moving around a lot and working in my garden.
    Use this on our scooter to hear gps directions. Works fantastic. Battery
life could be better but if that's important buy two.
    Este artículo cumple muy bien su función de manos libres, es pequeño, la
batería dura todo el día y tiene un precio super asequible. 👍
    This was easy to set up and the battery life was good on it as well.
    Did not stay connected to my phone, talk quality was a hit or miss, this
while ear bud was in ear and phone on me. Would not recommend this product.
    Sounds Great Easy Connect And I Can Ve Heard Clearly
    When you talk with someone there is a horrible echo on the other end. Also,
callers have a hard time hearing you. There is no warning when the battery is
going to die and it just shuts off.Don't bother with this product!!!
    Mini headphones are super cool. They are the same as invisible ones. They
have good sound quality and no noise. They have no problems in driving and
sports. They are not easy to find out.
    Works great so far
    I love these ,they are small but last for at least 4-5 hours I have 3 of
them i use for work and home and the sound quality is great!
    I need to listen to music all the time when I work out to make me
happier.This small earphone is very lightweight, and it soon matched with my
phone.And wearing it for a long time does not make the cochlea uncomfortable.
    Pretty good earbud. Fits really good and secure when I place it in my ear.
Quality is pretty good. I had bought another earbud years ago from another
source and honestly this one feels much better.
    Too small. Keeps falling out of ear while working.
    This is a very good little Earbud. The sound is good. The battery lasts
about 3 1/2 hours with the maximum volume. I can skip to the next song  easily
with a double click (quickly pushing the buttons 2 times).
    When I turn it off  it skips the podcast I’m listening to and goes to the
next one. It turns itself on and connects to my phone. So I have to go back out
to my car and turn it off
    After 2 months, fully charged battery only lasts about an hour.  When it was
new, it would last 6 hours.
    El sonido es super claro ,la batería es otra cosa a mi en lo particular solo
dura 3 a 4 hrs y lo uso para hablar mientras trabajo o escuchar musica
    it adapts perfectly to the ear, hardly felt after using it for hours, the
sound is excellent and very clear, I use it in my work because it is easy to
turn on and off without interfering with my communication with my co-workers and
clients  .
    I love my new Bluetooth earbud. It fits comfortably and has quality sound.
The charging station is small so it’s important to keep it in a case
    Easy to pair with phone.
    I used for talking.
    Excellent product, it does not bother at all the prolonged use and the
battery in use lasts a long time.  Sound quality is excellent and the distance
from the bluetooth to the device is quite good.
