    安かったので不安がありましたが、買ってよかったと思える商品です。仕事柄パソコン、スマホを多用するので、目の疲れ、クマ、頭痛など悩みがあるので購入しました
。製品は、日本語のマニュアルが付属されているのでわかりやすくしっかりとした作りなので、長持ちしそうです。（一年もってくれたら嬉しい。まだ2日目なので）稼働時の音
がすこし耳障りですが、使用には問題ありません。使っているうちに、独特なニオイが薄れてくれることを期待しています。
    最近zoomなどで目が疲れやすいので、ルームシェアしてる友達にプレゼントしました🎁とても喜んでくれて大満足です。一度わたしも使わせてもらいました。値段が
安めだから大丈夫か心配でしたが、しっかり目を包み込んでくれて、指圧も振動も程よくしっかりしてます。温熱効果も気持ちよく、これに音楽が流せるなんて癒し効果抜群です
！買ってよかったです。
    This is the first robot vacuum I have ever owned so I have nothing to
compare this to other than my normal manual vacuum cleaner.The kids and I were
really excited to finally have an easier way to vacuum.  I have 4 kids, 3 dogs,
and 2 cats so we vacuum twice a day usually. It gets really mundane and a hassle
to bring the vaccuum out morning and evening.I've had this vacuum for aboit 5
days now and haven't had to use the manual vacuum cleaner AT ALL!!!!!Their are
side brushes to help get the stuff on the edges. The suction on MAX is just as
good as a manual vacuum.I thought it was pretty great that it came with extra
side brushes and extra filters.You can schedule cleaning while you're asleep and
wake up to a perfectly clean room! It's so refreshing.The remote it pretty cool
too though we really don't use it that often.  The kids thinks it's cool that
you can use the remote to control the vacuum like a remote control car
though.Over all this has been a welcomed addition to our busy house
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I did a lot of research
before buying a robot vacuum. I went with the Bagotte for a few reasons:
cleaning power, quietness, and modern design.Cleaning power: I have used it
twice this week. It picks up so much dust and hair from my wood floor. We do a
full vacuum every week with my Dyson, so I think of the robot vacuum as a
supplemental vacuum. I was shocked at how much was in the dustbin after it's
auto mode cleaning! It also gets a ton of dust in the little dust
filter.Quietness: My kids are studying from home these days, and this vacuum is
quiet enough that I don't even turn it off during their Zoom classes. This might
be the thing I am most impressed with.Modern design: I love this design and
size. It definitely looks modern and cool, and it fits under almost all our
furnitures.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      My dog sheds a lot and it
was becoming tedious vacuuming the laminate flooring every day. Now, this vacuum
does the job for me. It has very powerful suction and doesn't miss a thing.
Every hair gets sucked from the floor. The vacuum has no trouble maneuvering
over area rugs. It does bump into furniture, but that's to be expected. However,
it smartly edges the furniture, making sure to catch every nook and cranny. The
vacuum rotated around my table and all four chairs, traveling to the edge of
each before turning down each side. That's 20 sides! It even managed to sweep my
entire first floor (900 square feet) before returning to its home station. 2
hours without returning for a charge.With the ability to set it to run whenever
you want, I've been able to set it to run every night after I go to bed. It's
great and effortless.
    I got this recently and must say we are quite impressed with this robo
vacuum.Some of the things we like about this -Very thin at around 2.8 inches
compared to the 3.5 inches for a comparable brand.Comes with 4 brushes, a
remote, 2 batteries, a cleaning brush and other stuff like charging adaptor.The
glossy finish is so catchy. My friends whoever have seen this are very impressed
with the eye catching looks of this Vacuum cleaner.My sofa is quite low and due
to its low height, the vacuum cleaner was able to go under and catch durt quite
easily.Also that the adaptor shows an input of 100-240 which could be useful to
some people.I get around 90-100 mins of battery life . Probably the battery
could have been a bit better but then again this so thin to fit a bigger
battery. Also, the vacuum cleaner finds the docking station automatically so
should not be an issue.We were intially sceptical about this but it turned out
to be a good buy.Attached some good pics for everyone to look at.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I love that I can sit on
the couch watching television shows while using the little remote to make this
vacuum clean for me. What a wonderful times we live in, isn’t it?I have had a
similar vacuumed in this before but this one is so much nicer. This one sucks up
all the mess the first time. Other ones have to go over the mess a few times
before it gets at all. This one has excellent inhale.It can even put it self
right back on it’s charging port when it’s done doing the job. I never find
myself wanting to use it but having it be powerless. It’s always fully charged
and ready to go.You can barely hear it. You can definitely hear it, it’s not
silence by any means, but it’s relatively quiet for such advice. I don’t even
have to turn the television up any louder when it comes into the room.Would I
buy this brand again? Most definitely
    This steam iron for clothes works well. It heats up fast, within about 30
seconds. The bottom steel plate glides smoothly and doesn't scald the clothes I
am ironing. It also has a temperature dial so that I can different types of
materials. The iron is also a steam iron, which I use frequently, that has a
self cleaning feature. It automatically shuts off after placing it upright for 8
minutes so it give me security in knowing that it will auto power off.
    I have always preferred "small" irons. I have small hands and hate heavy
irons as I feel they make ironing even more work than they have to be. I could
not find a small iron when mine finally died, so I decided to try this one. I
love it! It is lightweight,  works great, does a fantastic job. I don't even
have to use starch! Love all the features.
    I commented on day 3 that the robot didn't work. I would push the blue
button to start cleaning and it beeped and changed from blue to pink to red. I
submitted a return without reordering. The company reached out to me and are
sending a replacement before I send this one back. So it is to arrive in a few
days so I will update the review after I receive the new robot.UPDATE:7/26/2020
I received the new robot. I programmed it to run every day at 9:00am. It ran at
1:00am. The company reached out to me to show me how to reprogram the robot.
First, what you need to know, you need to program the current time first before
you program the time to run the robot. And to stop the current program, hold
down on the timer button for 3 second until the robot beeps twice. This clears
the current saved time. Now you can program the time you want it to run. Also,
make sure you are near the robot to make this work. It will not set if you are
in a different room than the robot. I like the dirt trap on this robot. It is
solid and holds the dirt in the container. I am very happy to change my review
from 1 star to 5 stars. For both the robot and customer service! I almost want
to keep it at 1 star so that it gets read and doesn't get lost in all the other
5 stars. Very happy with my purchase.Update: It is now Jan 10, 2021. The robot
is making a horrible sound that I have no idea what is causing it. I want to
reach out to customer service but Amazon doesn't give that optio.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      This robot vacuum works
like a dream and has greatly simplified the sometimes annoying task of
housekeeping. Everything can be controlled or pre-set via remote control,
allowing an incredible amount of flexibility. For example, I can set the vacuum
to do its rounds during a time when I am out of the house. And by pressing the
home button (or when the battery is low), as demonstrated by the video above,
the device always finds its own way back to the charging port.
    Does what a steam iron should do. So far the steam control is working better
than other iron’s we’ve had. Precise control all the time
    When the first time I hold this steamer, I feel a little bit heavy. But,
when I check the instruction, it stated that is MADE BY IRON. So, having weight
is very reasonable. The most thing I care about is the quality of steaming my
business shirt. I am very surprising. That is a FAST STEAMING TOOL. I turn on
the steamer for an about 40s, the steamer is getting hot enought. Also, I like
the function of  sparking. I, as a new user, don’t know how to control the heat.
I, somehow, worried that if I over steam my white shirt, there might at risk to
get burn. When I sparking the water on the cloth, it is not only help to steam
my shirt nicely, but it also make my shirt lower the temperature. I think this
is GOOD for NEW USER who don’t feel comfortable to steaming clothes. Overall, I
rate 5 starts as I think that this quality is worth.
    Received a damaged iron.  Outer box fine, but inner box damaged; missing
warranty card; iron damaged -- was this returned before?  Plus when I handled
the iron it felt heavy and the shape of the iron & handle felt really
uncomfortable.  It also leaked water.  Returned it and it took them a week to
process refund.  Aggravating and a waste of time.
    I'M A 70 YEAR OLD GUY WHO HATES HOUSE WORK. I DON'T LIKE VACUUMING AT ALL.A
FRIEND RECOMMENDED A ROBOTIC VACUUM,SO I DID SOME RESEARCH AND ORDERED THE
BG600.IT CAME YESTERDAY AND I CHARGED IT UP AND LET IT LOOSE.IT WAS FUN WATCHING
IT BOUNCE AROUND THE HOUSE BUMPING INTO EVERYTHING. I THOUGHT IT GOT LOST UNDER
MY BED,BUT WHEN IT CAME OUT I SENT IT BACK TO CHARGING CRADLE AND EMPTIED THE
WASTE BIN. I WAS SURPRISED TO SEE HOW MUCH DIRT IT PICKED UP. I IMAGINE MOST WAS
FROM UNDER THE BED.I LOOK FOWARD TO  LETTING IT GO  UNTIL BATTERY RUNS LOW AND
SEEING IT RETURN TO CHARGING BASE BY ITSELF.THIS APPEARS VERY WELL MADE AND I
RECCOMEND IT AS MY FIRST IMPRESSION
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Robotic vacuum cleaner is a
great addition to a regular vacuum cleaner if you like to maintain your home
neat and don’t feel like taking out your heavy duty vacuum cleaner each time.I
have a long dark hair that constantly falls out.  When it does, it looks very
messy and visible on my hard wood floor.  The regular vacuum cleaner I use it
maybe once every two weeks and in between this robotic vacuum does the job by
cleaning up hair and dirt around visible areas.  It keep my house clean and tidy
when guests are coming over.  This vacuum definitely saves me time since I leave
it running while cooking, doing laundry and other house chores.  It’s quiet so I
can even leave it on running while watching TV.  Price is much more affordable
than other robotic vacuums so I didn’t feel guilty purchasing this on top of my
regular vacuum I own.What I appreciate most about this vacuum is that it’s thin
design that enables cleaning of hard to reach places.  It cleaned the nasty dust
piled up under my bed and living room sofa. This feature alone is
priceless!There’s virtually no assembly required other than attaching the side
brushes.  The design looks modern and sleek so looks cool displayed with the
remote control holder and charging station.  I like using the remote control to
direct the vacuum where to go as my living room is a bit of a maze.  Also, the
fact that the vacuum finds its way to recharge when you press a button is a cool
feature.The only thing to watch out for is that if you have a carpet with long
threads, the side brushes might get caught on the threads so be aware.This
vacuum became a “must have” from a “nice to have”.  Now I absolutely need it to
clean areas I cannot reach using traditional vacuum cleaners.  It saves me
tremendous amount of time and energy.  I am very happy to keep house neat with
very little effort.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Amazed at how efficient it
is! My parents were opposed to our purchase at the beginning, but now they can't
wait to recommend it to their relatives and friends. It always does a good job
of clearing out corners that we don't normally notice, and dust that we can't
see. It also cleans areas that aren't usually easy to clean, such as under a bed
or sofa. When we put it at the top of the stairs, it can sense danger and move
back. We set it to automatically clean up every morning. Now it is an
indispensable part of our family, we all love it!
    I am not a very diligent person when it comes to sweeping so a robot vacuum
is pretty much a requirement for me if there is any way to get my floors
cleaned.  Got this for that purpose.  First thing I noticed is the relative low
sound it produces.  Def can have this on while watching TV.  It gets around my
home floor very well and fits under my couch and my coffee table!  That is a
nice bonus as I was concerned it might be too high.  It does compress itself
somewhat when getting to those areas so there is a bit of give.This is
definitely one of the better lower entry level robotic vacuums!  Great for
hardwood floors and light carpets.  We have household members that have long
hair and did notice that they do get collected into the roller areas.  It comes
with a tool to help remove those hairs, we make sure to clean those out after
each cleaning.Overall very pleased with the vacuum.  Big change in the house
with it vs without it
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      This is a 4.5 star
reviewFirst of all, let’s talk about the goods;It does meets my expectations, I
love it how you can schedule a cleaning time for each day, it really make my
wife’s day a lot easier. it can easily  reach to the areas that is hard for our
humans, such like the areas under the sofa, beds etc.... and it does cleaning
well, it vacuums the dust and hairs completely form the area that is put on
duty, we can not clean the same level as this robot did unless we put a lots of
effort in it, but why? Let the robot do work, how easy is that.Now let’s talk
about why this review is a 4.5 instead a 5 star review. The only down side about
this product is the noise level, now it is not ridiculously loud but it is loud
enough that can bring my attention to it. I wish it can be more silence, and
that’s the one of reason why we scheduled the cleaning time to 9 pm instead of
12am when everyone is asleep and not using the living room completely ( yes we
set the charging station in our living room). If the manufacturer can reduce the
noise level then I think this product can be perfect. Now would I recommend this
product? Sure! It is a good purchase over all, we are satisfied.
    So it's a little louder than a box fan...but still a heck of a lot quieter
than a normal vaccum.  Still able to watch tv with it goin, just have to turn
the volume up slightly.  I don't really use the remote. Sometimes it has issues
getting back to the dock so i help it there. (keep in mind this is my first
rumba-esque vaccum) I have about a 850sq ft apt, and it can clean most if it on
one charge and emptying it once half way through.  Seems to wander a bit, so I
usually isolate it in sections..like close it off in the
bedroom/bathroom/kitchen/livingroom.  It's strong enough to eat chords so make
sure charging cables are up off the ground.  We lovingly call ours Mr. Roboto,
and he surprised me once coming out of the bathroom with a half eaten pair of my
girfriend's panties!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      This is a great alternative
to the more expensive brands. The suction on this robot is surprisingly strong.
It's able to pull dog hair out of deep carpet. The self-guided mode is very
smart and it can easily maneuver around hardwood floor, carpet, tile, and even
thresholds. The brushes pick debris extremely well, but don't scratch up the
floor. With the manual mode on the remote, you can guide the bot where you want
with ease. There are even spot clean options to really focus on trouble messes.
Cleaning is super easy, and takes just a couple seconds to do. Whenever we leave
the house, we turn the bot on and let it run and come home to a clean house.
It'll automatically find it's own way back to the charging station, so it's like
it never left. Definitely worth every penny.
    My wife and I bought this product at ~40% off to use in the upper level of
our house. Our upper level is a couple medium sized rooms and 2 small-ish
bedrooms. The area is mostly open and should be easy to reach for a robot of
this size. However, the robot vacuums in a completely random pattern, misses
large areas in some rooms and never even makes it to others. Even at 40% off,
this product was a complete waste of money and will be returned for a
competitors product.+ Pros- Automatically switches between bare floor and carpet
settings- Fairly quiet- Picks up crumbs and dust well+ Cons- No mapping
functionality- Drives around at complete random- Misses rooms, large areas of
certain rooms- Fails to pick up anything other than a crumb, just pushes /
throws "larger" objects at random- Seems to be trying to dent all my wood
furniture (sometimes it detects objects before collision, sometimes not.)
    I bought it when there was a good discount for amazon prime members. I
gifted my  robotic vacuum, which I had bought before, to my mother. Actually
this robot was faster, although it was cheaper than before. It makes less noise
while running. The traction force is much higher. Ingenuity this robot is not
affected much by obstacles on the ground. For example, my old robot was standing
in the bathroom due to mats and was not working, but now I have no problem with
it. it picks up too much dust and hair. Also it can pick up  beads. it is
powerful. When I read the explicit comments and there was a discount, I wanted
to try this product. I am very glad with it.  Similar to all other robots easy
to clean. The charging time is also sufficient for a long cleaning.
    Terrible Product.  It can’t really pick up anything so waste of money.  Dont
buy it. Doesn’t pick up anything. I saw it go over pet hair more then four times
and not pick up. Also hardwood floors another disaster. Hate this and not worth
the money no matter what it costs. In writing this review I learned I could have
saved a bunch of money but even at reduction don’t waste your money I will never
get mine back. Please know I set this thing on small areas and max vacuum  and
this is what I am describing.
    I have used a Rowenta in the past and that is a real workhorse. But it is
heavy and my arm and shoulder ache after I have done a lot of ironing. This
little Decenta iron is lighter weight and did a great job. I got the iron on May
5 and had no problems. The one day last week, I plugged it in to do some ironing
and it would not heat up, nor did the light come on. It was past the return
window, so I emailed the seller and told them I really liked the iron and it had
worked perfectly, but all of a sudden wouldn’t. What would they suggest for me
to try? They got back to me IMMEDIATELY, apologized and sent me brand new
iron!!!! I didn’t expect that and am so grateful and impressed with this
company! And I still highly recommend the iron!
    This is something I've wanted for quite some time, but waited until I could
afford it and found the right one. I am so happy I waited because this vacuum is
awesome!!!! There are so many features on it that you can use, such as spot
clean when you just need one room cleaned or Max suction when you have an area
that has a lot of dirt. It runs quiet (Max is slightly louder, but not bad), I
forget it is there. When it needs to be charged it goes back to the base quickly
and recharges. I love coming home to clean floors every single day. This vacuum
is awesome if you have little kids too. It will clean up all their crumbs and
dirt without you having to waste countless hours doing it. You can spend this
time having fun with them. I couldn't be a happier  customer and would highly
recommend buying this product.
    This little bugger runs around for hours and does a good job of picking up
our pets fur. It did better than I thought climbing onto a deep pile room rug.
It sometimes chooses not to climb it but often does and continues along. I got
this at a good price on Prime day and it was a good deal. The only feature that
I would have liked that I see in other in more expensive units is that it
doesn't map the rooms. But, that is no big deal, it just goes every it can and
doesn't seem to miss anything. Our small dog lets it come right up to her and it
often turns but sometimes it bumps her and she moves. Our bigger dogs moves much
further away when it approaches. But, he is a scared of everything but another
dog.
    I love this thing! I've had 3 Neatos (evidently I'm a slow learner) and 1
Irobot and by far this is the best! It's so quiet I had doubts as to how good a
job it could possibly do. It does a fantastic job! Not only does it get the
general dirt on the floor up, it gets an unbelievable amount of dander! I'm
probably gonna get at least one more for my daughter and possibly another for
our home in Arizona ( so I don't have to drag the first one back and forth!)My
only quibble is that it loses the side brushes. That's ok. I'd rather hunt up
the brushes than push a vacuum around every day!
    I use it everyday and besides being silent, she moves everywhere without any
issues. Between my living room and dining room, the floor has a divider which is
higher than the floor and she hovers over very easily and without any trouble at
all. She doesn’t get stuck, she even vacuums under my couches and then when
she’s done she goes back to her charging station. (I can also send her to the
charging station with the remote). I absolutely love it and recommend it!!!
    It was so easy to set up my 10 year old granddaughter did it for me. We set
it up to start everyday at 2:00 ,PM. It covers the whole house, going into each
room randomly. It works for almost 2 hours and then automatically goes home to
its docking station. If I mop the floor with a Swiffer and  presumably clean
everything, this vacuum goes out and finds hidden lint every time.  I have to
empty the bin after 2 uses. I love the Remote. I use it to send the vacuum to a
specific spot where something dropped on the floor and then send him home after.
I bought one as a house warming present for my son and they love it as well.
    It could have been built with more suction power - but then noise level
would have increased.It could also have been built a little bit taller, to
provide a larger dust bin - but then it would have been unable to go underneath
low-rise bed frames.These were both excellent compromises, as far as I'm
concerned. I can't comment about "battery life", but  run time (between recharge
cycles) is quite good. It *is* immune to falling off of steps without using the
"blocker" strip. The second "fine" filter catches a lot of smaller dust, and
it's easy to empty/clean off both the main dust bin and the "fine" filter (just
open it and whack both parts against the side of a big waste basket).In very
large rooms, it tends to hug against the walls (and clean the room edges
multiple times) before randomly covering all of the main floor area - it's a
tiny bit too unwilling to run in a long, straight line for long distance. But
for normal rooms, with lots of furniture, the "hit-and-aim-again" programming is
excellent.Overall, just about perfect.
    11/14/20: I really want this iron but unfortunately the one I received is
not working at all. I bought it in August and I wished I tried it first when I
got it to make sure it’s working. I didn’t need it until now and came to find
out it’s broken. Then I inspected it closer, it looks like the one I got is used
(most likely returned). Unfortunately, it is too late for me to return or
exchange it w/ an iron that works. I’m so sad!Update 11/16/20: My husband fixed
the iron for me so it’s working now. Bringing the rating from 1-star to 3-star.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      You can't beat this price
for a robotic vacuum. It's my first robotic vacuum so I wanted to test it out
before I spend a lot of money on it. I have had it for a week now. So far I love
it. You can program it to automatically start at a certain time. When battery
runs low it will find its way back to the charging station. I thought it's
pretty sweet. It does a good maintenance job to save time for big cleaning. It's
not made for cleaning a large mess because the collecting tray is small and
you'll have to empty it frequently. But for removing dust this is perfect.
    My house is mostly carpeted, with ceramic flooring in the kitchen.  I
purchased the Bagotte robot vacuum for a quick, easy cleanup between vacuumings.
I hoped it would pick up a few crumbs and a little dog hair, so I wouldn't have
to vacuum so often.But, this sleek and easy-to-use robot does a much, much
better job than the Hoover upright I had been using.  Great suction power,
quiet, and fun to watch.  It scoots under the bed, around chair legs, across the
floor, into corner and along edges, and goes back home to recharge.I couldn't be
happier with this purchase.
    I decided to try posting images to my review this time. I bought this for my
grandma so she can vacuum without hurting her back. I have a roomba and this one
is comparable. I assembled it for granny and it was pretty easy. Mainly, the
only thing you really have to do is snap the brushes on the bottom. It also has
to be charged over night before use.  I have a roomba and it bangs into
everything, making a lot of noise. This one has a remote so that’s not a
problem. Overall, grandma seems to like it. She especially likes the remote
because she can chase the cats with the vacuum!
    I keep this in my room to pick up all the debris I track in from the rest of
the house and it does a great job of keeping things clean! It isn't as noisy as
you would think and it gets into whatever corners it can fit in so it maximizes
the area it cleans in.There are only two issues I have with it. The first is
that sometimes after it has been cleaning for a while, I'll send it back "home"
but it won't hit the charging base correctly. It'll adjust a couple of times but
after it doesn't get on it that many time in a row, it'll give up and just roam
around the perimeter of the room until I manually set it back down on the
charging base. This has happened twice but it's enough to annoy me. The second
thing isn't necessarily an issue, but the button on top to turn it on (that says
"CLEAN") is backlit and the light is bright at night when I'm trying to go to
sleep. I put painter's tape over it to block out the light and it's fine now,
but it is also inconvenient.Overall, though, I love this little robot! It does a
great job of cleaning when I can't be bothered lol.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Everytime when I clean my
room I can never reach underneath my bed and sofa，so my friend recommended that
I should get one of these robot vacuum machine . This machine is designed to be
ultra thin so can easily get under the bed and sofa，it sucks everything up，work
great on hardwood floor and it’s very smart machine．when it comes nearby the
stair ，it will automatically turn to the one place，so don’t worry about anything
．just watch TV and it will clean all the dirt places．it takes about 3 hours to
fully charge the battery and it will last about 90 minutes ，also it come with a
remote ，we can use the remote to control the machine to go left or right ．it’s
very convenient and easy to use ．
    Amazing vacuum machine. I’m very happy with this product. It made my life
easier. It has an excellent battery life about 100 min. It identifies and avoids
obstacles. It fits under our low furniture. It’s very quiet. This robot works
very good on our wood floors and rugs. It has strong suction power for its
size.It’s very easy to set up. It comes with additional 2 brushes and remote
control. Remote control is very useful. I can set up the time when I need this
machine to vacuum the house.The best part is affordable price for the great
vacuum machine. I highly  recommend it.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I got this to replace our
old one which was failing due to old age. This new vacuum is great! It isn’t as
loud as our old one yet it still cleans just as well, if not better! The vacuum
has a lot of features like auto, spot cleaning, edge cleaning, single room
cleaning, and max cleaning. It easily cleaned both carpet and hardwood floor. I
love how you can control what you want the vacuum to do with the included
remote, such as setting a time when you want it to clean or when to tell it to
go back to the charge deck.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I bought the Bagotte vacuum
as a second robot vacuum to clean my second floor hallway and bedrooms. To my
surprise, it is so quiet (much quieter than other brands that charge double the
price or more). I can now use it anytime during the day without my kids
complaining about the noise. It’s very sleek and low profile and I really like
the three point cleaning system which covers a large area so cleaning time can
be shorter. It’s also perfect for my house as I have a dog and he sheds so much.
This vacuum does a good job picking up his hair. Now I can really leave the
cleaning to this new robot helper! Wish I bought this vacuum sooner.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Have been used this
cleaning robot for a few days, works good so far. It has no wifi connection so
you need to use remote controller. The robot looks very nice with shinny black.
As you can hear from the video, it doesnt make big noise and it is pretty quite
when it is working. This is a small robot so it is work good at apartment or
used at small area. I have hard wood floor and I can see the difference after it
use. Given it is less than 300 dollar, I am happy with it.
    I was a skeptic because we have a Dyson for carpet and had never tried a
self vacuum. We have 2 dogs in the house. One a terrier long hair breed and the
second short hair but sheds a lot. Along with 2 grandkids constantly running
around. This little thing picks up everything and more! We let it run in the
living room when no one is around for about an hour and the floor is basically
spotless. Yes it does have to emptied out after every use and filter with other
items are washable so we do clean them about once a week. I would rather do that
than have to sweep the floors twice a day. It fits beautifully under couches and
gets every corner we can’t reach with a broom. It also parks itself when battery
is dying or we just send it back when we think it’s done it’s job. Another thing
you have to look out for is wires. Make sure they are picked up off the floor.
Highly recommend this and constantly send this link to my friends and family.
    This thing gets stuck on every little thing. The suction is good but it is
really loud. The suction makes the battery drain really fast it barely completes
a room before it needs to charge. I should have gone with one that retains
boundary mapping. It gets hung up on flip-flops, wires from surge protectors. It
gets stuck under the entertainment center and other items. It does not take
logical routes nor does it complete a room before moving on. It leaves and comes
back like 9 times (3 or 4 would be fine). Bought a RoomBA way better results.
For the money paid you could just pay a little more and get a better unit.
    I decided to wait for a little bit before I made a review on this item. I
didn't want the novelty of the product cloud my judgment. I must say I am very
impressed! I never cease to be amazed by the amount of debris that it picks up
even after it was done the day before! Makes you kind of wonder what you're
living with even though you think you're pretty tidy! It's low profile allows it
to slip right under my sofas. Not to mention, I'm not sure who's more used by
it, my husband or my cat! It's pretty quiet, it goes everywhere and it parks
itself when it's done. Very pleased with our investment.
    This robot vacuum is great! I bought this after a recommendation from a
friend who has the same one. I was pretty skeptical about how well it would
work, but I can't believe how much it actually picks up. It such a time saver! I
have it run every couple days while I'm at work. We have hardwood, carpet and a
couple rugs in the area I have it set-up and it hasn't gotten stuck under
anything yet which is a huge bonus! It's also super quiet which is a plus if we
happen to be home when it's running. I will definitely be recommending this
vacuum to a few friends I know are interested in one. Great product!
    I have been using Roomba iRobot for years, but decided to try this brand
based on the positive reviews.  This vacuum is weak and unreliable.  Even before
completely breaking down in less than a month, it would constantly get stuck,
miss significant areas, and had such weak suction that much of the dirt and dog
hair was still left behind.  It looks nice and less noisy than my previous
iRobots, but that doesn't make up for the other problems!  I'm very
disappointed.
    Rochelle is what I’ve named her. Why you ask.... Bc I am an a hole, and
after bitching for two weeks about spending $200 for someone to clean my house,
I was not happy with results, so I bought a Robot to replace Michelle.... I can
handle all the other minor things I asked to be cleaned, but the Convenience of
this little gadget is amazing!! It fits under my bedroom furniture better than
the cleaner did with a broom stick and swifter. Runs along the walls, turns
around and goes a different direction when it gets close to my foot. Took the
dogs about a week and a half to get used to the vacuum running around the floor.
Best investment ever!!!
    I'm a quilter & after going through a number of expensive irons, I decided
to purchase this lower-priced iron with good ratings.  There are a number of
problems with this iron.  #1--The iron is advertised as self-cleaning but the
instruction manual has not one word on how to accomplish this self-cleaning.  #2
--Shortly after receiving it in August, it started to leak around the water
hole.  The "anti-leak" mechanism is just a little piece of plastic that supposed
to lock the water cover down.  OK, that wasn't a big deal--inconvenient, yes,
but not a deal breaker.  I use my iron almost every day for hours at a time.  #3
--Today I discovered that I accidentally left the iron on & IT DIDN"T TURN OFF.
Hours later when I went back into my sewing room, it was still blazing hot.  Now
I recognize that it's not the company' fault that I left it on but yikes,
there's certain no "auto-shut off" working after only a few months!  Why can't
anyone make a decent iron???  I wouldn't bother with this iron.
    Just got it, we ran it 2 x and it worked quite well. This seems like it is
worth the small investment. Very quiet and honestly moves fast. You can program
daily cleaning and do spot single room cleaning. The remote is easily programmed
and it seems to charge fast. Like I said,  worth the small investment for in
between keep up  before my weekly cleaning,  I ordered the extra brushes and
filter set for the future too  just to keep it  running well.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Sent this robot vacuum for
my sister who just moved to a new house! Today she told me this is the best gift
she had received. Her 9month old baby starts crawling around and always keeps
her busy all day long ! This robot machine perfectly solved her problem! It
works really well that saved lots of her time to do cleaning , and she doesn’t
need to worry about her baby would get dirty on the floor！ I’m so glad she likes
it! !
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      This vacuum robot has a
more budget friendly price tag comparing to the other brands on amazon. The
noise level is fairly quiet and I can keep it running around while watching TV
with no problem. The sensors work well that it can avoid all the random toys my
toddler left all over the place!** The remote control is so easy to use that
even my 3 yr old learnt how to use it after just 4days :))
    I never thought I could afford a robot vacuum.  Saw this price and said, "Go
for it".  I have a German Shepherd (shedder).  I really don't need to say
anything else!  What a relief to know I can turn this vacuum on and all of the
dog hair that accumulates, every day, that I have had to clean up for 10 yrs, is
gone that easily.  It is quiet, I took a nap during the cycle,  It transitions
from floors to carpet easily and never gets stuck.  I wish I had bought this
vacuum sooner, such a great deal.
    Very nice iron, minimal dripping. Gets much hotter than myou old iron and
much faster. I threw old iron away. really worked great on quilting cotton to
get all wrinkles out. Very pleased with this iron. Got a quality iron for a
great price and had it in two days with prime shipping. Great steam output. Only
time I got any dripping was when it had been on a long while and using the steam
gust button. Other than when pressing the steam gust button there was no
dripping at all. Recommend!
    It worked ok until about 2 weeks AFTER the return window closed. It had an
easy life for that 1.5 months, mostly cruising around on hardwoods and always
with a cleaned filter and dustbin. Sure it got itself stuck and gave up
sometimes but hey, it’s no Roomba so we forgave it and tried again. One day it
basically decided it was never turning on or leaving the charging station again,
and it never did... Until it went in the trash. You get what you pay for. 🙄
    I have been wanting to get a robot cleaner for a while.  The prices for a
robot cleaner are very high.  Then I decided to get this one since it was on
sale.  This one works so great at such decent price.  It picks up the dusts and
small pieces litters on the floor.  It doesn’t make as loud noise as I thought
which is good!  The remote control is very convenient!  I love it!
    It's one of the more affordable robo-vacuums on the market, but it keeps the
house clean. It doesn't go in any sort of pattern. It just bounces from one wall
to the next in random passes. Sometimes it just turns for no reason. My wife
still likes it because it keeps the house looking fresh. I like it because I
don't have to vacuum as much with the upright.
    This robot is seriously a life saver. I love how quiet it is and it’s very
effective. It picks up most dirt, we have had absolutely no issues with ours. It
fits under everything and gets in tight spaces, it picks up a ton of dust and
cat hair. This is a must have for pet owners. We love it and it does an amazing
job with our cat hair.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      This item has changed our
apartment completely. We run it daily, and every day I am astounded by how much
this guy picks up off our floor. I walk in and the whole apartment feels
cleaner, I am much more comfortable walking around without slippers or socks,
and it gets us to take care about what we leave on the floor. It can
occasionally get caught on something, but this just encourages us to keep our
cords organized and the whole place neater. Would recommend!!
    Got this a few days ago so had a few days to test it out before writing a
review. Originally had one of those hand-held steamers but it wouldn't nearly
get the job done as perfectly as this straight iron steamer. I wear dress shirts
for work mostly everyday so I needed something that would rid of all those
creases left on my shirts and its easy to use! The iron heats up fairly quickly
too!
    I purchased this to replace an old iron and I must say the steam feature on
this product works like magic! I love it!!Automatically turns off if you leave
it on too long which is great for me. There’s even a self-cleaning feature which
I’ve never seen on any iron before.  Anti drip.. and water tank hold a good
amount of water. Great iron!
    No need to shell out more than $200 for a fancy name brand robot vacuum.
This thing does the same job at a fraction of the cost.I normally run it every
other day and am impressed with how much it picks up, even though the floors
look immaculately clean.I originally bought this to see my cats ride it but they
have yet to jump on yet, unfortunately.
    This is my first Irobot and i love it you can set the schedule when you want
it to start vacuum throughout the day or night and the sensor on this is very
accurate it literally can spot a wall 1 inch a part and move another direction.
You can even control where you want it to go on your remote the little ones at
home loves playing around with it and usually use it like a car to drive around
the house thats there way of cleaning. i like how its not loud at all when it
first start even on Max setting the nose is tolerable. i would recommend this
product to my friends and family or even give as a gift, the price is decent for
irobot, not to crazy expensive.
    My home has hard floors but it works well. There is a thin carpet in the
living room. It is always easy to pass. A small robot with high horsepower can
always clean my home for me, but it is very noisy and replaces the vacuum
cleaner.  When it is about to finish its work, it will run and charge itself.
This is cute. I will recommend it
    I purchased this iron in May, 2020 because of the good reviews it had and
now I wish I had saved my money. It spits and sputters water out constantly and
the sole plate is impossible to keep clean. I DO NOT use any type of spray
starch, etc so that isn't the problem. I do quilting and I have to clean the
sole plate with a wet rag before I can iron any fabric or else it will drag on
the fabric, develop a white film on the bottom and leave strange marks on the
fabric that are hard to get off.  I've followed the instructions for the iron
carefully so I don't know what the problem is. I will be purchasing a new iron
very soon and this one will become trash.
    I always thought I kept clean floors until I got the Bagotte.  I had just
vacuumed when I decided to use it and it packed more dirt than I could ever
imagine.  It really works and works well! And NO MORE getting down on my knees
to clean under the bed because my Bagotte loves to clean under the bed.  I used
to cough a lot at night due to dust allergies, but now I sleep peacefully
through the night because of there is dust/dirt to be found, the Bagotte will
find it.  I highly recommend it!
    It cannot clean my floor well,sometimes i have to reclean the floor myself.
The program carried on this device does not seem to work well on stuck corners
as well.
    My only complaint was that it did not come with a magnetic tape. I went to
the store and purchase my own Magnetic Tape but it didn't work. So I just put
other things in its path if I don't want the vacuum to go there.Otherwise I love
this vacuum. It is thin enough to go everywhere I need. It is very quiet. Very
easy to use all the way around. Nice large Dustbin just like it promised.
Nothing difficult to it. I don't have to worry about hooking it up to Wi-Fi
somehow.. LOLI absolutely love this vacuum and would highly recommend it and
already have. My sister is going to purchase one for her son's birthday. She has
an Amazon Prime account also for a long time.
    Best thing I've ever bought as far as cleaning goes. It does all the work
for me. I was vacuuming about 3 times a day but now I just spot vacuum with my
cordless vacuum. The robot does the rest. Simple and easy design. Climbs up mats
and carpet well. Has great battery. No complaints.
    Product did not match prescription. It is not a quality product, does not
pick up dusts thoroughly and does not have a great sensor as well.
    Surprised by the quality of this robot vacuum.  It works best on hard
flooring surfaces.  The collection chamber is small but easy to clean.  Based on
pricing alone, this is much better than a Roomba.  Not for deep cleaning!  This
type of vacuums are for light duty cleaning and daily maintenance.  Pics up dog
hair well.  I use it primarily on my tiled deck.  Also very happy it fits under
my bed that is a CaliKibg and difficult to reach under
    my family and I love this incredible robot vacuum it does and amazing job on
floor and carpets also. it is very easy and simple to hook up. my children loves
that they don't have to be pushing a a regular vacuum they just have to give
start and the robot do their jobs after is finished vacuuming it goes right back
to its charger. highly recommend for a gift.
    My son is obsessed with vacuuming. He and his wife have four boys, so he’s
always vacuuming. I bought the Robot Vacuum (Bagotte)  as a birthday gift for my
son.He says he absolutely loves it. He’s named the Robot Vacuum
“Jerome”...everyone’s name starts with a “J” in the family...lol!He wants to
purchase one more of the robot vacuum, that’s how much he likes “Jerome”.I hope
this helps with your thoughts of purchasing Robot Vacuum (Bagotte).
    UPDATE: The battery life on this doesn't last very long. It will run and
then the light shows up and needs to be charged. At least, I think that's what
it is. I'm constantly cleaning the filters, the dirt box, the rollers, etc and
nothing seems to help. I'm not very happy with this anymore.Not as quiet as I
thought, though it is quieter than our vacuum. Doesn't suck as much either.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Used this vacuum on both
hardwood floors and rugs. Works great on both! Didn’t damage any of my rugs or
scratch any of my hardwood floors. Super easy to operate and charge. Good
suction power to clean rugs. Smart sensing technology was able to get accustomed
to the floor plan of my house in just days. Makes cleaning the house so much
easier.
    I hate vacuuming. I love this vacuuming robot. This robot has changed my
life. I went from a person with 3 kids and 4 pets with constantly dirty floors,
to a brand new sparkling clean life! Having clean floors inspires me to keep
other things tidier too.  Every time I use it (at least once a day) I clean out
the dirt receptacle, and am amazed at how much filth is in there. The only
downside is that I've managed to lose the remote somewhere in my house, but
thankfully there is an auto-run setting on the robot itself.
    I did my research and this works for everything I need an iron to do. It
does both dry heat and steam, or a stream of water. I chose this one because of
the extra large water reservoir and because I can iron for almost 20 min and
only 13 with some other ones
    With this vacuum, it is a little bit hard to understand how to control the
pathway. Other than that, the suction is great. Just in one small room, the
canister filled up. I had just vacuumed the day before with my powerful cleaner.
Great for touchups.
    I really loved this iron until it just stopped working. Bought it in July
and lasted 3 months! I will see how the warranty works but if I have to ship it
back somewhere it won't be worth it. What a shame. I am very disappointed.
    My iron broke. The steam would not come out when I press the button. So
bought this to replace my old one and this one literally I can say is my best
iron I’ve had. The steam pressure button comes out very strong. Comparing it to
my old one this one Beats it. Very easy to use..
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      The floor robot is really
practical. Since I had it, It took me very little time to get a broom and sweep
the floor. Carpet, tile, wood board can be cleaned very clean. There's a lot
less dust in the house now. Its noise is also very low. Every day at midnight,
it begins to sweep the floor and goes back to recharge its batteries. Don't
worry about it running out of power. Good price! Highly recommended!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      This is my first robot
vacuum ever and so far it is totally worth the price. It’s able to clean tight
corners and go underneath most of my furnitures. It also comes with an extra set
of brushes and filters in which you replace it in the future. The remote control
allows you to set up for a schedule to just simply control the direction, or to
make the vacuum go back to the charging station, which is very handy. Like I
previously said, this is totally worth it’s cost, and a great way to get rid of
some chores.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I have never owned a robot
vacuum but have been looking into them for a very long time. I decided to go
with a more budget option to see if I would like it and I was surprised! This
thing is way better than I was expecting. It vacuumed my entire apartment almost
as good as doing it by hand. It also very sleek and looks really nice. This is a
great product, especially for the money!
    I am so happy with this robot vacuum. I have health issues and now I can
have clean carpets at a push of a button. 😊
    This rolling, but it is not clean, disappointing, slow reaction!!!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      This was the first robot
vacuum that I have bought and so far, it seems worth the price. It was pretty
easy to set up a schedule for the robot to automatically vacuum the floor. I
brought it upstairs once and I forgot to close the door and it almost fell down
the stairs but there are anti fall sensors on it so it would stop right before
the stairs. Overall, I would say this is a solid product for the price.
    Have had this about 1.5 weeks.  It appears the self charging/auto return to
charge does not function.  Also it gets hung up on smaller rugs and moves my
kitchen mats to over the heating/ac registers.  Very disappointed.  Also pretty
loud operating motor.
    Impressed with this product and I'm so glad, I purchased it. This vacuum has
a good cleaning power suction and it's quiet.This really works in taking out all
the dust from the home and goes around randomly to pick the stuff.Its charging
is also good. It cleans all the first floor in one charge around 4 rooms.Tested
it on both the hard floor and carpet and works really well. It's easy to clean
as well.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Bought this for my wife as
a house warming gift , she is pretty happy with it so far . It will be great
product if the battery could last longer .
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I bought this robot vacuum
and I really like it,very quiet and cleaning very well.I did a lot search before
buying a robot vacuum and read some reviews about the vacuum and this not make
me not disappoint. I have got to say I am so impressed buying this product
    This is literally a life saver. I have a 4 months old kitten and need to
clean my room everyday because of the litter. I’d have to clean when I got home
after work and that would take up too much time. Now that I got this vacuum
while it’s cleaning the room I get to do whatever I need.Definitely worth the
money.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I really want to buy a
vacuum robot, which this was introduced by my friend, and I bought it and tried
it.This vacuum feels good to use, because there are carpets at home, I always
feel that there is a lot of dust in it. 😂 And the hair on the floor tiles can be
cleaned very well.  The dust box capacity is quite large. Easy to setup and
works great. Will recommend to everyone !!
    Very disappointed that I can no longer return this defective product! I t
has been getting progressively less heated up in the last week -until it finally
died completely. We have only had it 3 months and don't iron enough to warrant
it dying already. 👎
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      My old vacuum died so I
bought this one. I would not say this vacuum is quiet but it's not very loud. It
has a large waste capacity and it is very smart to avoid obstacles. It can even
go charge itself with just one click on the remote control. Super cool!
    Because I have 2 toddlers, one puppy and my life is full , I need a helper!
Very nice vacuum! Goes from hardwood floor to small rug easy and over door jams
without a problem! He is not loud and my puppy is not afraid of him! Recommended
    I use this robot vacuum almost a month now.  I have to say this is a
powerful tool. This robot can go whatever the room i send him to and cleans the
room really well. It has a decent sized dirt bin and the battery life is more
than enough to clean my house and it will find its way back to the base for
charging. My son loves to watch.
    So far since I bought it, works great I have no complaints but if your
looking for something that doesn't make noises I wouldn't recommend it ( I don't
mind it ). Also tend to get suck on low tables and under the bed; I wish the
vacuum suckage was bigger.
    Always want to buy an auto man like this, the price is affordable so I gave
it a try; surprisingly it worth the money, very nice stuff, quiet and clean
well. Great choice!
    This came fast, in good packing and when I ironed my work clothes, it left
no wrinkles. Easy to use and nice features! Highly satisfied and would recommend
to everyone!
    Upon opening the package the first thing I was impressed with was how sleek
it looked. I found that it is very easy to understand the controls and irons my
clothes perfectly.
    After I moved, I couldn’t find my old vacuum cleaner. I bought this
automatic robot. I didn’t expect it to be so easy to use. It completely frees
both hands and saves a lot of time. You only need to turn on the remote control
and it will start cleaning. Wait for it to work.  After that, I will
automatically go back to recharge. It's perfect, I regret not buying it earlier
^o^
    Had this for 6 months.  Don’t pick up very good, only will stay within one
room, move it to another didn’t hit all area of the floor . House is small with
tile and wood floorsUp date : will not keep charge and not able to teach any
customer help
    Easy to operate, very compact suitable for my frequent business trip,
compact does not take up space, very easy to use the price is very affordable,
the steam temperature is very high, ironing effect is very good, easy to carry
recommend everyone to buy
    The electric iron is easy to use.I've wanted to buy something like this for
a long time.Before also worry about bad use, the effect is average, now it seems
that worry is redundant.The quality is very good, especially suitable for use at
home.It only takes two minutes to iron a piece of clothing, and it makes it
smooth and easy to use.
    I bought this steam Iron for different material of the Clothes. The iron
with Temperature and Fabrics Selection functions, it’s also Auto-Off and Self-
Cleaning Function included. The size of the Iron great for travel and home. Will
suggest friends to buy it if they need.
    I have a household with large dogs and messy kiddos. I was vacuuming at
least every other day just to maintain the mess. I have stained concrete floors
throughout the majority of my home so this little thing has been such a time
saver! It helps maintain thoughout the week and get areas (under furniture)
where i don't get often. Great purchase, happy with the product.
    Edit: After using it for 1 week, the vacuum cleaner stopped working. It
would not charge even after 2 hours. Very much disappointed.
    I returned this item because the automatic shut off did not work.  It should
have shut off after 8 minutes of not being used.  I also did not like that when
the iron was sitting upright the cord was touching the iron board which in time
might damage that part of the cord.  A big disappointment, therefore the return.
I also didn't think the cord was long enough.
    we love Bruce (we named it Bruce Cleansteen) Easy to use. It does get a
little confused when you try to send it home but that's okay. It cleans
hardwoods really well
    Let’s just say, I’m buying 3 more. So convenient and a conversation piece.
Goes over the same area more than once, but give it time, it’ll hit every spot.
Just May to recharge in between.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I very like this vacuum  !
It is quite moving and clean my carpet . My baby always follows when it working
.  I use everyday help me clean my house. If you have baby this is very good
choice and worth to buy !
    I just received it yesterday and cannot wait to give the rate! The vacuum
robot is very convenient, it can basically clean the carpet and floor dust and
pet hair. If there are pets in the house, then this is a good choice, and my
pets are not afraid of it.
    I loved this iron for the first month, but know it has just stopped working.
I am heartbroken that it would just stop after a little more than a month.  Of
course I can’t return it, so I really don’t know what to do.
    This little guy is amazing. We did have a $300 Shark, which is now in the
garbage after only a year and half. This has amazing suction power and the slim
design gets it into places the other could never get to. Super impressed so far!
    This is my first robotic vacuum. My husband told me they are a waste of
money and boy was he wrong. I let it do its thing and came home to clean
upstairs floors. It transitions smoothly over the trim that separates the floors
and did not fall down the stairs. I'm very happy!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I am thrilled with the
quality and condition of the product. It was easy to assemble. The product runs
nicely over any surface, both tile and carpet. It was a nice present and I am
excited to see it run around the house cleaning! Great value for the price!
    I received the iron, compared with many other stores, finally I chose this
one, and it did not disappoint me. The effect was very good, the clothes were
pressed very smooth, it was also convenient to use, very satisfactory, very good
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      It’s very smart working,
Don't worry it will fall off the stairs on the second floor 。 fast shipping,
easy remote control, good battery life. very quiet working at hard wood floor .
    I love this little machine. I got it because my dog is shedding and I got
sick of vacuuming 3 times a day. I programmed it to come out when I want it to.
And if I want it to come out on a non programmed time I just push the button on
the remote. Just have to empty the bin often, make sure the filters and brushes
are clean. It’s a handy machine and it’s quiet.
    Love this vacuum has a really good suction and it detects curbs and stairs
and reverses itself there are different settings you can time and set it
according to your preference i turn it on at night and wake up to a clean house
in the morning
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Works like a charm! It
cleans very well. I haven’t had any problems with it so far. It follows
instructions correctly and helps clean the house.
    I love this product! It cleans my apartment very well. It’s not too loud and
dust tray is easy to clean. I gave it 4 stars because the magnetic strip wasn’t
included and I wish the sensors were strong enough for it to avoid hitting
objects. Other than those two, it’s a great product that gets the job done.
Cleans cat fur, litter, food off floor/carpet with no hassle.
    Robot sweeping clean, strong suction, machine is relatively thin, It can go
under the sofa, My favorite automatic design sweeping and self-charging.Free my
hands！
    I like this iron very much. I'm very satisfied with it. It's very good both
in quality and appearance. It's very convenient and light. It's very easy to
iron my clothes. I'm very satisfied with this product. Thank you
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      This vacuum is awesome! It
roams with ease and boasts powerful suction. It’s easy to use, clean, and
maintain. Our floors have never been cleaner. I would highly recommend this
product.
    Love our quick and easy floor cleaner for our newly built in-law suite.
“Robbie” sucks up most of the dust and particles on our floor. The remote allows
me to direct it to any areas that were missed...makes this retiree’s life
easier.
    This robot vacuum has saved us a lot of time with cleaning. It works well on
wood flooring and tile flooring. It gathers a great amount of dust and general
household debris. It will recharge in its own when low power and then continues
to clean the remains areas that it had access to. This is really a good choice
and a great investment.
    Does it’s job! Suction could be better but honestly I can’t complain because
it doesn’t miss much. It is a little loud but definitely quieter than a normal
vacuum. I would purchase again!
    Super adorable price for a vacuum robot, always have a problem with hairs
all over the floor, with this robot it’s a lot better now . It’s able to pick up
hair and dust easily . Even the charger is under the chairs it’s able to go back
to charging itself when it’s almost out battery. Will recommend to my friends!!
    That was my first robot-vacuum ever. I loved it! It does the job very well.
The battary usually lasts about 2 hours. It saves me so much time! I recommend
this product and I believe it's a great value for the price
    This steam iron is smaller than other steam iron, and easy to use also for
clothes work well. It heats up fast, within about 30 seconds. u can set up the
temp when u use it, It has a function that automatically shuts off after placing
it upright for 8 minutes so it makes u safe in knowing that it will auto power
off.
    Love it! Low profile doesn't get stuck and is able to get itself up and over
difficult obstacles.
    i was so surprised at how powerful this vaccuum was. i really like it and it
does a good job at cleaning the entire house. it automatically goes back to its
own spot when it is finished
    Bought in Aug but set in box unused till traveling for holiday. Used few
times and go to use today and its dead. Tried other electrical sockets...its the
iron.
    Iron heats up quickly and works very well!
    So far, no complaints at all.  Quite a positive surprise.  Never thought
about using one much before.  Have it running in the office and it really does a
super job.
    Buena inversion. Vale la pena!
    It definitely could be better.
    So pretty beautiful
    Really works good!
    This iron is very easy to use, the ironed clothes are beautiful and tidy,
the price is very reasonable, I really like to use it, it works very well
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      It's really clean and
Powerful when out of battery it will back to charge by itself it's really cool
product love it
    I am honestly surprised about the quality based on how much I paid. This is
a good product. I’ve only crappy iron before. This one works fast, it clears
wrinkles with one pass. It’s a good weight. The steam function works great – no
water dripping out of the holes. I’m satisfied.
    This iron feels good. It heats quickly and irons out the clothes smoothly.
The overall feel is good.This iron feels good. It heats quickly and irons out
the clothes smoothly. The overall feel is good.
    I love it!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I had been used this robot
Vacuum cleaner for a week, and I love. It is easy to set up, light weight. It
picks up mostly everything, the best part is it sweeping the dirt and hairs very
clean which traditional broom will miss.
    The return home is difficult somehoe
    OMG I love it. It's so quiet and it does such a better job of avoiding
obstacles as compared to our last roomba. if you want a robot vacuum that sucks,
buy it!!!!
    Bought this iron in July, by November it completely stopped working. Never
dropped it, never left it on for longer than needed. It simply doesn’t turn on
anymore. I tried reaching out to customer service about the one year warranty
and haven’t gotten any response.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      This Vacuum Robot is very
good to use. It does not make a lot of noise when vacuuming, and it has great
suction power for cleaning when you're not home. I always come home to a clean
house after work.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      This robot vacuum runs
quietly with good suction and smooth turns. Worth the price!
    Works great does a great job
    The cleaning effect is not satisfactory. There is still dust in the cleaned
area. It is not clever or even a bit clumsy. Its brush will fall off during use
and often get stuck and can’t move. I’m going to return it. Unfortunately, it’s
not a good experience for me.
    Much better than expected... Now i only need to use my vacuum cleaner like
once every 2 weeks
    This thing is very easy to use, it irons very well, I am volunteering during
the pandemic to make masks, and bought this iron to iron the masks. I was able
to iron out the creases in one or two passes, it is lightweight and has all the
features for a pretty cheap price.
    So far so good
    I love this machine, It is so quiet, has a good suction and climbs over
carpets beautifully. It also holds a lot of pet fur and easy to clean.I am very
happy with it.
    Mi mejor inversión fue este y el precio se queda corto es súper bueno
    Bagotte Max E600 is very quiet and thoroughly vacuum the carpet with ease.
Outstanding customer service!  Highly recommend this product.
    I just received my Bagotte and very pleased with its performance except, it
goes from room to room before finishing but will go back eventually. Also the
run time was about one hour.  Hope this will improve in time!
    this thing is amazing - i run it almost every day and am constantly amazed
at the amount of crap it picks up each time. with a puppy and a house full of
girls who also shed, this thing is a lifesaver
    This is my first Iron. After several times I used it. I am so glad I choose
this one.  The temperatures control is easily seen on the handle, it works
really good!
    It worked beautifully on a tiled floor!
    The water sprayer doesn’t work but the steam works well
    This steam iron is very convenient to use and has a nice design. After
receiving it, I can use it easily and the effect is very good.
    I love this item my floors stay clean and it picks up dust very well.
    Was a bit difficult figuring out where the area for filter was and plus
remote wasn’t the simplest to read the signs on it.Got to pick up animal fur and
did great.
    This iron feels light , very easy to use. Nothing fancy but has all the
functions and gets the job done. Good steam pressure. Build quality seems ok for
the price. Over all good value for the money and quality.
    suction isn’t great, but good enough.battery could last longer, but we
haven’t vacuumed in a while.worth the $150.
    So far I like my robot cleaner up to this day. I like it most that I don’t
need to move furnitures and get the dust underneath on my wood floor.
    I love my Bagotte!!!!!  I rarely need to touch my broom anymore.  It is so
nice to come home to a vacuumed house each day.  I wish I would have purchased
this vacuum years ago!!
    By Bagotte justed turned one year old. So I decided to buy another ,so I
could stop carrying it upstairs after it cleaned the first floor at night .
Great price and still cleaning after one year , no problems.
    I love this , gets under the beds under my tables. It's a great product
    It's been used several times, it's convenient, it saves time, it's very
light, it's suitable for home use.
    According to the product description, the steam can work vertically, but in
fact it cann't. So I gave 3 stars.
    Great steam feature, light weight and easy to use. Wish the pitcher for
filling the water reservoir was a bit larger.
    I thought I ordered a 1500 watt iron, arrived as 1200 watt.  Looked like it
had been re-furbished.  I ordered a new iron.Will be sending back for original
order.
    This product works well for the price. I wish the battery life was a bit
longer. I have yet to figure out how to get it to map the room , but the remote
helps to guide it when needed, and the auto timer is great.
    Vacuum worked  good until last week, battery dies in 15 minutes after start.
    Unreal for a cheap iron, works as well as any expensive iron I’ve used. Buy
it.
    I can’t believe how well this picks up dust and cat hair. I run it daily and
I couldn’t be any happier with this vacuum. I love it so much I’m buying two
more for Xmas gifts.
    Only used it about 3-4 times and it quit working.  I'm past my return time
frame, so I emailed company.  I have emailed them 3 times over the last two
months with no response.
    I will stick to Roomba forever after this thing. It gets stuck on
everything, especially furnace intake and loves to eat cords. So unimpressed.
    Just what I was looking light weight! Easy to used. Iron out all the
wrinkles.. excellent value for the price!!
    I liked the iron in general At first but regular dripping and changes in
heat without cause forced me to return the iron.
    It’s stuck sometime under the bed.. do the random vacuum ..some time miss
the spot..
    We love this little robot! Picks up SOO much sort everyday and is super
quiet. I can even let him run when we have guests over.
    this steam iron is very light，but it is very effective.  I have used it
several times， so far so good
    This iron is very easy to use. I added 100ml of water. I did a denim skirt
and it quickly smoothies i am very like it！
    This is so good and marvelous that my pants and shirts are so smooth
andwarm.
    My vacuum, named Rosie, is very quiet and does a fantastic job of sweeping
both hardwood and carpeted floors.  Just need to have cords out of her way!
    Exactly what I hoped to get out of a robo-vac. It does a surprisingly
thorough job, and can handle impressively high pile carpets. Great purchase.
    Worked fine for a few months, then worked intermittently before dying
altogether after about 4 months.
    Barely used...and it died completely.  No power. :-(
    Awesome product! I have 4 dogs and this has really helped with my allergies.
Picks up dog hair really well.
    Product missing items
    as above, the iron seems to get hot in spurts
    No issues at all.  Works great on my wood floors and low carpets.
    Has great suction power. So far am loving it.
    Productb was just fine until it suddenly stopped working the month after the
return window closed.
    Love how it can go under sofa, TV stand and more! So glad I purchased this
item and at a great price!
    Works great on tile floors, gets almost all the cat hair and dust up.
    Worked great for the first few months now will not go forward so it lo
longer works
    I like the robot vacuum,  but I need to order the brushes for it, they don't
last long.
    1
    The battery dead quickly like 30 mins  after full charged. not recommend.
    Floors
    I really like this robot vacuum cleaner to free hands and sweep the floor
very clean
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      It works perfectly, clean
and no noise, strong suction!
    Muy liviana y eficaz por el sistema de vapor
    Bought this in January 2020 and by July 2020 it does not come on.
    The product is really good happy with the product quality.
    EPIC
    works great to time, but worked just 4 mo
    Has good suction power.
    Impressed how well it cleans, better than my other vacuum
    Awesome I wish it climbed  stairs
    Received a broken iron, super disappointed!
    This is my 1st experience with a robot vacuum, so my expectations may have
been too high. I have around 1000 square foot main floor, tile and wood with
throw rugs.  In general, it cleans much better than I expected if it gets to a
area.  But there are two short comings. It doesn't clean up to the baseboards
well at all.  Its avoidance algorithm won't let it get close but once in a
while. And it gets stuck frequently. And even more frequently, it can't find its
way back to its base.  I had hoped I could start it and leave the house.  I
can't.There seem to be two things that cause it to get stuck.  The sweepers go
under throw rugs unless they are very  heavy. The vac goes on top so it just
gets stuck there. It usually emits a beep when this happens. I can hear it in
most parts of the house, so I can move it and restart it.  The other case is my
narrow path between a wall and a desk.  The path is about 6 feet long, and a
couple of feet wide.  There is the straight path out and a couple of ways out
under the desk. It seems like it should find it's way out, but it apparently
sees desk leg and turns around even it wouldn't have come very close to it. So
it just goes back and forth randomly in this small area forever.  I have to
listen for this and retrieve it or it will run the battery down and shut off.
And, if it  happens early  in it's cycle, it puts a huge amount of wear on this
small section of carpet.  I have to block off this entire area.Overall, this
means I have to hand vacuum frequently, not just for the extra cleaning power,
but to cover areas it missed.  If I had it to do over, I would spend the extra
money to buy a unit that follows a map. This one takes too much baby sitting.
It save some work, but less than I expected. Yet, I do have to admit, it vacuums
what it covers very well and covers most of the areas that tend to accumulate
the most dirt - the dining area and entrances to the house.  And this reduces
the frequency of manual vacuuming.Update: 12/30/20 I gave up on it and lowered
my ranking from 3 to 2 stars.  Over a couple of months, it got stuck around 2/3
of the time.  And about half the time when it was stuck, it didn't know it so it
continued to vacuum the same space over and over.  That caused some damage.  I
decided to use it I would have to monitor it very closely. So I do not recommend
it for most people.  I replaced it with the Roomba i6+.  The navigation on the
i6 is far superior.  It has not gotten stuck in 2 months of 2x per week usage.
On the other hand, the i6 doesn't clean quite as well overall.  And being bigger
the i6 doesn't squeeze get some chairs as well.Bottom line is that the Bagotte
might be a good vac for a simple room with no obstructions, but its not for our
house.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      We, like others, have busy
lives and don't always vacuum as much as we should-- I'll admit that I am more
so the guilty party other than my significant other. We have a Dyson pet vacuum,
but it does not have enough juice to reach our entire home. As such, we sought
for a supplement to the weekly vacuuming to help us during the busy work week. A
few notes for these thoughts-- we have a one-level condo that is approximately
1800 sq ft. The majority of our space contains laminate flooring or low-pile
carpet. I cannot comment on the nature of the vacuum for high-pile carpet or for
multi-level dwellings.The good:1) This vacuum is much quieter than our Dyson
animal vacuum. It does not scare our cat and can be used while watching TV or
doing other things in the house.2) This vacuum is low-profile. It can reach
underneath couches and all of the furniture in our house with ease. Thicker
vacuums may pose issues, but this Bagotte vacuum reaches more than our cordless
vacuum can-- and in a passive manner, too.3) Two brushes rotate on the front of
the vacuum--see the attached video. Replacement is easy, as they snap on/off
without a problem.4) This Bagotte vacuum can navigate several challenging
surfaces, like mats and changes in flooring material. To see this, please view
the video I have attached; the vacuum is able to deal with a change in elevation
from a mat with no problem.5) Suction is great--both hair and larger particles
are cleaned. We have seen a noticeable difference in the kitchen, where we often
drop crumbs from cooking. We also have issues with cat food being scattered by
our feline friends. This is a problem no more.6) A remote is included for fine
control and scheduling. The vacuum seems fairly smart and the programming meets
our needs.7) The battery seems to work fine and charging is a breeze; the vacuum
knows when to return to its charging station.8) We live on the second floor of a
condo complex and have an entryway that leads immediately upstairs. The vacuum
recognizes the single flight of stairs we have and avoids falling.The bad (aka
other comments):** I am unsure how this vacuum would navigate high-pile carpet.
We have none in our condo, so please check other comments before
purchasing.Overall:** This vacuum is an excellent supplement to our full-time
vacuum. With the addition of this machine, we have greatly reduced our cleaning
load. While I would not use such a vacuum for full-time cleaning
responsibilities, it allows for some peace of mind during the busy weeks.
    I intended to replace my Rowenta iron of many years with another Rowenta.
Then I read the reviews for Rowenta. Half their product line is now made in
China instead of Germany and even the models made in Germany received  horrible
reviews - so many that it clearly wasn't just an occasional customer. So I
searched for an alternate.My first  choice was a Pur-Steam with a ceramic sole
plate. I'd never used a ceramic sole plate but it was touted to be very smooth
gliding. Not at all!  Strike 1. And the damned thing beeped all the time. It
beeped when I set it down to reposition my shirt. It beeped again when I resumed
ironing. Very annoying. Strike 2. Finally, it would drip a bit from the bottom
ports of the sole plate. Strike 3.So I bought this iron. I decided that since I
didn't want to spend $80+ for a Rowenta that is likely to be a hunk a junk and
having already spent about $40 on a Pur-Steam that was a hunk of junk that I
would find something cheap in case it, too, was a hunk of junk. I used it for
the first time today and here is my report:Sole plate glides nicely. Light
weight. Heats up surprisingly quickly. NO BEEPS! Water reservoir is easy to see.
Plenty of steam. Doesn't leak.So, combined,  I spent as much on this iron and
the Pur-Steam as a Rowenta. Wish I had just bought this to start with. Take your
lesson from me.
    We previously bought a robot vacuum similar to this one and love it! It is
so handy to have the floors vacuumed at the push of a button. Our first vacuum
had a feature that allows operation through our mobile device but we never used
it. Since our living room is sunk about 6 inches we needed to buy another so one
can remain in the living area while another tackles the rest of the house. This
vacuum was on sale at a great price and we couldn’t find anything that could
beat its value. I get pretty excited when we not only strike a great deal but
the vacuum arrives and works better than our last one. I was able to place the
docking station under one of our kitchen cabinets after removing the toe kick
panel. That means at the push of a button on the remote, this vacuum rolls out
from under the cabinet like a secret agent, vacuums our kitchen, dining area,
and laundry room and is docked and fully charged when we wake up in the morning.
This vacuum works great and at this price was an awesome value!
    The best purchase in years! I am in love with this little vacuum. I am so
impressed with how smart and efficient it is. It learns your house and gets
smarter with each use. I have 3 animals that shed a lot and it picks up all the
hair as well as crumbs left behind by the 3 boys that live here. It is quiet and
I find it seriously therapeutic to sit back and watch it clean since I am
normally the only person that ever cleans anything in my house I am so happy to
have this little helper!  The dirt trap holds plenty and it will clean for a
long duration  (over an hour) without having to recharge (sure outlasts me). It
has great suction and these little brushes that propel out the sides to catch
dirt in the cracks and corners so it doesn’t miss a thing. There are replaceable
dust filters and I’m sure this will help reduce allergens in my house for the
allergy sufferers that visit.  I would highly recommend purchasing this vacuum
you will not be disappointed.
    All I can say is WOW! I own a shark which replaced a Bobsweep, My shark
after just a year is on its last leg. I decided to try something totally new and
boy am I impressed!Not only does it maneuver its way around obstacles like no
other robotic vacuum I’ve owned, it’s impressively quiet! It’s sleek and modern
looking, picks ups everything in its path!It’s suction is even powerful enough
to get the dirt off of my area rug .. which my other robots could not do .. Also
the large dust bin is huge benefit , it’s larger than any of the other robotic
vacuums I’ve owned , which is awesome because I don’t have to empty it out so
often ..,Amazing price point!! The low profile design works perfectly for me
too!  absolutely love it!Highly recommend!
    We’ve only been using it for a week, but so far so good.  It definitely
covers all of the rooms and does a good job vacuuming.  You can hear it rev up
when it encounters carpet and see the path it has cleaned.  The battery lasts a
long time.  It is fairly quiet - you don’t want it to be silent or you wouldn’t
know which room it is in.  I’ve also been very impressed with the customer
service.  I had a little incident (100% my fault) that required customer service
and the seller responded immediately and offered fantastic service and
assistance.  We have been pleased with our purchase and feel it is a good value
for the price.
    All the positive reviews are accurate! I decided to take a leap of faith
after watching a few video reviews and reading many Amazon reviews.Pros: great
suction power, long running time, great price, can be started remotely, low
profile 2.7” so it was able to fit under all my furniture and kitchen cabinets,
only takes 3 hours to charge, great on all floor types and large dirt/dust
canister!Cons: Does not having mapping feature so it travels randomly but it
didn’t bother me because it was able to tackle the 1700 sq ft of floors. Also,
it wasn’t able to make it back to the charging station in time before it’s
battery ran out, but in its defense, it was on the other side of the house.
Therefore, I had to carry it back and place it on the charging station. Again,
this wasn’t a big deal for me. Overall, I’m extremely impressed with this
powerful robot vacuum at this price point!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      The vacuum saves me a lot
of time on collecting the pet’s hair!Pros:Smart on the edge, stairsEasily
converts itself between floor&carpetThe dust bin actually can hold up a good
amount of hair & dustThe vacuum remembers its route pretty goodThe product comes
with a brush which I think it is super useful to clean the vacuumA fun toy for
the dog as well!Cons:Its actually pretty loud but the suction power is good so I
think it is commonIt does not have a smart control on the smart phones, however,
I do not have an Alexa, so it might be a different story to other buys.
    I have tried 2 different Roombas. Did not like either - think i even gave
one to the salvation army store. i have had this little gem since prime day last
month (Oct 2020) and it does an excellent job! doesn't get jammed into things as
much as roomba did. once in a while i have to go free it from an electric cord
or getting stuck under a radiator, but it sure makes itself busy otherwise! i
like walking around and not feeling like i'm crunching into stuff!  Highly
recommend this little robot! Also - I feel like I'm in a Jetsons episode! Yes, I
am just that old!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      This is big helper for my
wife, she have not sweep house by hands since I got this robot, it is awesome,
she loves it very much! It is not very noisy and you can set up time, it is very
convenience ! It is pretty clean on the wood floor, my house wood floor area
around 2000sqf, uauslly took 30mins, but We let run until battery  died, it will
auto back to charge! When it is close to white wall will auto change direction,
but dark wall will not, it will hit it then change direction continue working
,any way still cool! It is really cool design, we like it very much!
    Update less than 4 months later..This was great the first 3 months. Out of
the blue it just quit working. I kept it very clean, no signs of anything
trapped. Just beeps and won't move. Have reset multiple times etc. Don't waste
your money. I am out $190.We recently got an Australian Sheppard and she sheds
like nobody's business. I was running the vacuum once per day. Push the button
on this and it does all the hard work for me so I can focus on something else.
    I have wanted a robot vacuum for quite some time and with being extremely
busy with yard work, now was the time to purchase one. I needed an easier way to
vacuum my floors effectively and save me time, which I never seem to have enough
of. This robot vacuum has great suction power and eases one burden off of my
household workload. The remote control is great and I love this vacuum. I am
very happy I finally purchased one. It is well worth it! Thank you!
    Within the first five minutes of operation, my niece gave the name “Toby” to
our Bagotte vac.  The feature we found most fascinating was Toby’s ability to
extracate himself from seemingly impossible situations.  After about fifteen
minutes running time, we stopped Toby; opened the dustbin, and found it loaded
with dust and other sweepings.  (I’ve included a pic of the gunk Toby picked
up).On the down side, I found the snap-together plastic pieces a little stiff,
the go-home command didn’t work as I expected, I. Had to guide it with the
remote.Rug tassels we’re not a problem. The unit is very quiet and has to be the
low clearance champ.All told, five stars
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I have all wood floors and
walk around in bare feet a lot.  I could feel every crumb on my sock-free soles.
Enter this AMAZING device.  It literally does not miss a spec of dirt, sand, per
hair...and best of all my feet stay perfectly clean.  It's also very easy to
use.  It worked right away out of the box.  It's easy to clean too.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Been wanting a Robotic Vac
for a long time, but was not wanting to spend the money on named brand one. Saw
this for a good deal and decided to buy for my wife for a present. Works very
well and we just use it once a day, it leaves a nice little vacuum streak on the
carpet so you can see where it went. It is nice to see freshly cleaned carpet
everyday. Checking the basket after using it, you can really see how much it has
picked up... A very nice buy
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I really want to give this
product a good review , since it save me a lot time to clean my floor . I have
two kids , one is just 8 month old , so he picks everything on the floor to eat,
with this vacuum , I didn’t need to keep vacuum , it also very smart, I compared
this with Rock , same fectures , but save me more than half on costs .
    This thing is a trooper. It has been great for keeping our floors clean
during shedding season.  It cant reach every nook and cranny but it does the
vast majority of the floor. I can use a picker upper tool to get into the hard
spots. Highly recommend for those that don’t want to sweep or run a vacuum every
day.
    The DCENTA 1500watts high power steam iron, heats up quite quickly,
different modes of temperature and steam control, automatic shutdown in 8
minutes, does not burn clothes and automatically cleans itself.  You can iron
different types of fabric, such as cotton, synthetic, silk, etc.  Dry or wet
iron, either dry or wet clothes.
    Why was I so late to getting in on robot vacs?! I love her! She drives
around every day at 3pm and I’m always shocked at how much dust, dog fur, and
hair she picks up. Almost seems impossible that that much is there to be picked
up day after day. Great little vacuum!
    We love this thing, it picks up more than our other one and our favorite
feature is that it charges itself! Our other one will do OK but it ends up lost
and not charged. The only think that I struggle with is the remote, but my kids
do really well with it so it might be an age thing!
    I have animal allergies and this takes care of the times in-between my
housecleaning service comes to clean every two weeks. I have a hairy dog, so
after  3- 4 days, I need to empty this. Beats asking my husband to break out the
larger vacuum.
    EL vacuum es bueno y me gustaba mucho pero NO COMPRÉ ESTE PRODUCTO YO COMPRÉ
EL MÍO EN JULIO 14 y hace como 1 semana DEJO DE FUNCIONAR LO DEVOLVÍ Y SE
QUEDARON CON $26 dólares porque dicen que ya se pasó de tiempo? Un producto
eléctrico que no tiene garantía y dejo de funcionar solo. Así que les
recomienden que al menos ESTÉ DE MARCA BOGOTTA NO LO COMPREN O PERDERÁN PARTE DE
SU DINERO
    This is my first time to shop a robot vacuum, I feel so good with it, it has
no trouble to works on the wood floor, and it found a piece of cookie under my
sofa, that’s amazing! It frees my hands, save my time! Nice price with wonderful
work!
    Este robot es maravilloso, tengo dos mascotas y recoje todo el pelo en el
piso y el mínimo polvo, estoy encantada con mi robot. Me hace la vida más
liviana y agradable en la limpieza
    Freaking awesome! It was so quiet my husband asked if it was even on. Dont
spend 500 bucks for the expensive brand. Would recommend to anyone!
    Great for quilters. Gets hot enough even w/o steam. Smooth soleplate
    So lightweight yet irons like a heavier iron...makes ironing my husbands
shirts an easy task! A great choice!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Great vacuum ! Great for my
large wood floors
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Love it!!! Save me so much
time and enough for daily cleaning! It’s not as expensive as my previous one but
works even better. Really like it! Nice price and great product. :)
    Worked fine the first 10 times used now it barely picks up the dog hair on
the carpet!!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      we have tile and its able
to get in there.  Also like that it can transition to shag rug without issues.
    Very disappointed with this purchase and past the return window by about a
week! The Iron  leaks water all over my clothes.  Would not recommend at all!!
    Iron is definitely worth the money.  Easy to use and looks modern.  Enough
for my needs.
    Easy to use. Gets the job done.
    It works really well. I used it to clean my carpet.
    See above.
    Excellent suction and speed
    It stops a lot !
    Works well, only thing that isn’t great is that it doesn’t automatically go
back to the doc when done!
    I love it.
    Leaks when on side, wont turn off.
    It works perfectly fine as it is described online.  We like it very much!
    Reasonably quiet and effective vacuum. Very pleased.
    Goes from tile to carpet no problem
