    細かい操作がしやすくなり格段に操作性が上がります。FPS、TPS等シューティングゲームにはピッタリだと思いました。また、DUALSHOCK等コントローラ
ーのスティックの押し込み操作もしやすくなります。
Switchのプロコンにもつけられるとの情報を見て購入。問題なくつけられるし、操作性も良く気に入っているのですが、PS4用なので左側だけめちゃめちゃ外れる。
    デザインが気に入って購入しました。実物は写真よりも充実感があってかっこいいです。スイッチの操作性もよく使いやすいです。この値段の商品として、とてもお得と
思います。まったく問題もなく、手の疲れや反応が遅れたりなどもありませんでした。大変素晴らしいデザインでした！
    いい所！自分はエイペックスに使っているんですけど遠距離がとても狙いやすくなりました！指も疲れにくく今まで色々買ってきましたがこれが一番いい！！悪い点！強
いてゆうなら写真の1枚目見てもらうとわかるんですけど梱包にシワが着いてました！それぐらいであとは最高！！
    前に使っていた物がだめになってきたので購入したのですが、比べてみると表面積が少しだけ小さく正規品は裏に刻印が入っていると思うのですが、今回届いたのはあり
ませんでした。ですがdl4(純正コン)にはしっかりはまりとれることもなく使えます。使用感は正規品より少し滑るかな？ぐらいであまり差はありません。
    とってもいいです。スティックにホールドしてます。ps4だけじゃなくSwitchのプロコンにも使えました
    物で良かったです。とてもいい状態で配送していただきました、PS4本体にはコントローラーが1しか付属しないため、追加で購入しました。互換性あるほかの製品も
使いましたがいまいちでした。そこでこれを買ったのですが
    素早い対応でした。商品も新品で問題なかったです。握る所の手触り感のおかげであまり手汗が気にならないです。使いやすさは黒色のものと変わりありませんが、好き
な色のコントローラーゆえに、テンションはあげらっれます。
    動作差や動かしにくさなどの懸念はありましたが、全く問題がありませんでしたね。純正でないと！という事でもなければ価格も安いですし十分ではないかなと思いまし
た。ジョイコンを充電する商品は他にも色々ありますが、ドックとは別に置かないといけないので一体になるこちらをおすすめします。
    安く買えて嬉しかった。他だと売り切れや価格釣り上げ状態だったのにありがたい。ボタンの感触がいいのでそっちをメインで使っています。次機PS5の前に、値上が
りも考えて購入しましたPS4のコントローラーで苦労したので。
    急いでアマゾンで注文をしました、すぐに届いたので助かりました。純正のコントローラーはちょっと高いのですが、こちらの互換コントローラーは、廉価な製品なので
助かりましたね。ワイヤレス接続も問題なく、普通に操作性もよいので、楽しくゲームを遊ぶことができました。
    ちょっと力を入れて倒しただけですぐに外れるので使い物になりません。まったくもっておすすめできません。
    サイズが合ってない粗悪品
    とてもかっこいいです。いまのところ故障もなく利用しています。思ったよりも早く着いたので、喜んでいます。発送日は、遅れると連絡来た割には予定通りでした。
    1番使い易いフリーク
    自分は丸いフリークを使っていたのでちょっとやりずらかったけどすんなり移行出来ました。
    息子が購入しました。とても良いとのこと。すぐ届きましたし、こちらを付けた方が動きがスムーズで良いそうです。
    以前使用してた物より、質感共によかったです。取り回しの速さや、指にフィットするのでよかったです。
    いい
    凹型のロング２つなので想像通りでとても使いやすいです。購入後約1ヶ月使用しましたが個人的には某人気フリークより本商品の方がしっくりきました。某人気フリー
クは少々滑りましたが本商品は親指にフィットして滑らずかなりいい感じです。エイムリングと合わせて使うことで飛躍的にエイムが良くなります。それまでキルレが安定しませ
んでしたかがこのフリークを使ってからは成績も良くなり、ゲームも楽しくなりました。とてもオススメします。
    一言で表すと素晴らしいです。滑りにくくてやりやすい。エイムも向上したフォートナイトをプレイしているのですが、エイムが素晴らしく良いです。フォートナイト配
信者さんのレビューを聞いて購入。指にフィットしてグリップが良くとても気に入ってます！
    スティックの上に直接ひょいとつけるタイプのアイテム、実況パワフルプロ野球サクセススペシャルで試しにやってみたところ、まあもともと狙えるっちゃあそうなんで
すが、スティックの滑りというか、行き過ぎみたいなのが抑えられる気がします！（てきとう）
    フォートナイトをしているのですがエイム力も上がってとてもいいです
    ゲーム使用中にすべりにくくなった
    外れにくく、取り付けも簡単で指にフィットします滑らないから使いやすさは最高です安いものは外れてしまうから、これに変えて良かったです
    Very nice camera system for the price, customer service very helpful and
responsive.  Had an issue with one of the cams, seller was very prompt to
resolve problem. Would definitely recommend.
    All inclusive system - almost!  This 8 channel system has only four cameras
and trying to find additional cameras took a lot of effort.  Their instructions
are quite insufficient and the ability to remotely use the system via XMEYE was
totally a teach yourself experience without any help.  I’ve tried several time
to contact them with both installation and tech questions via their
love@hiseeu.com customer support address with absolutely no response.  I
recommend consumers seriously consider whether to purchase this product since
they obviously don’t care what happens after the sale!!!After I purchased the
system they immediately wanted me to write a customer review and they said they
send a free camera.  Well that was also a lie.  However, I could forgive that
lie if they even tried to so some interest in supporting the customer.  They
haven’t and I therefore can only say the system has potential but without any
interest in customer support I have to recommend that people consider another
brand.
    Received as expected. Set-up was fairly easy (I was pre-wired). Cloud app
and DVR have worked well for the last two months. Other then the time zone
difference customer service was very helpful. I had 1 bad camera which we
discussed via email. Once it was determined to be bad the promptly replaced it.
The only issue I have is the IR lights reflect of my very light colored walls
looking down the side of the house which makes it difficult to see at night.
    Very easy to install especially if you have attic access. I mounted the
cameras on the soffit so I simply drilled a one inch hole in the soffit and
pushed the camera wiring through then screwed the camera in place. I put the
unit in an out of the way closet to make it harder for thieves to find but I
wanted a moniter in my living room over the front door so I bought a cheap
monitor for the closet by the unit for when I need to review footage. I got a
60' HDMI cable to run from the closet to the monitor over the front door and
added a HDMI splitter so I could have both monitors active at the same time. The
included CAT cables were more than long enough and the cameras power also runs
through the cable so just a quick connection to the camera and the unit and you
good to go. I have not connected to the internet (I have to run a cable from my
modem to the unit) but will do so soon.Very happy with the system. Cameras have
a good picture and the face capture is a nice touch. It does record sound on
each camera but is only available on playback as far as I can tell but thats
fine. Face capture does not seem to work well on night vision but the cameras do
so I don't see that as a real issue. I will buy this again for any future houses
I buy.Update: I figured out how to get sound to play live. You have to mouse
click the sound icon on the screen to turn on/off sound while live viewing.
Sound will still record for all cameras for playback.
    Before using these unit I had a Samsung CCTV 4 channel camera and was
looking to add 4 more. I had some concerns over this set as I have never used or
heard of Annke before.Once I received the unit I noticed everything was well
packaged nicely and everything I needed was inside the box.The cameras were
straight forward to install just like my previous set so I had no issues.After
connecting all the cameras, setting up the unit was straight forward with easy
to follow on screen instructions. I didn't even need to use any manuals.The
first thing I noticed when using Annke's software on the CCTV is that it was
VERY quick compared to my Samsung CCTV. Everything was really snappy and didn't
take much to move around the menu. It DOES NOT come with a remote like my
samsung CCTV but this didn't bother me since the Annke system was very
convenient and QUICK.Initial setup of all the cameras was SUPER easy you just
need a little patience to browse the menu to learn it and youll have no issues
getting it set up the way you want it.I have NOT tried the mobile app as I have
other cameras with that functionality so I didn't need it.
    After our cars were broken into, it became necessary that we needed a
security system in case another incident occurred.  I didn't want to spend
thousands on a system that required a monthly subscription or extra "add-ons" to
make the user experience better (translated as pay for their marketing dept).
After a lot of research and reviews, this system was exactly what we needed.
The camera images are clear (including night vision) and are simple to view them
on our TV and phones.  After checking the cameras to make sure they worked
properly and then ran the provided Ethernet cables to it's final destination,
the cameras were simply plug and play, since the cables provide power to the
cameras too.  I also don't have to worry about changing batteries or a weak WIFI
signal using this system.Initially, I was having an issue connecting the DVR to
our internet, and after an email to their help desk, Kiki from Hiseeu quickly
responded with not only the correct troubleshooting information, but went above
and beyond to make sure we were taken care of.  They even offered to video chat
with me to ensure everything went smooth.  Talk about great customer service! I
highly recommend this system and Hiseeu!
    This system works great. I was able to set it up and have it running in a
few hours. Most of that time was just running the cables. The system works great
and does everything we want it to. The instructions are seriously lacking and
there is a simple pamphlet,  when it should be a small booklet to tell you how
to set all of the functions up on it, however for basic setup it is pretty self
explanatory. I did have an issue with one camera, but Saul from customer service
answered my email within minutes and after the few things they had me try didnt
work, they had another one to me 2 days later. He followed up a few days later
to make sure it was better.
    I was gonna give it 4 stars for the fact that the FOV is narrow, but I
needed 3 in front anyway for my walkway.I have to use 3 cameras just to cover my
front yard, which is where both of my vehicles are parked.The audio can only be
on one camera at a time so I keep it on the middle one.It has tripwire, along
with perimeter and zone coverage for the alarm.Some might not like the fact that
it only goes up and down for adjustment, so ya will have to play with the camera
mounts to spin it around to get the right angle, so for now if its mounted its
just straight out the front.I don't know why Hiseeu put the mounts on upside
down, I had to turn them all around, because when you mount the camera you was
the cable output hole to be at the bottom, so rain or moisture can not get into
the base mount,All in all these are pretty good cameras.For now I have the
cables hidden on the awning of my porch because I wanted to make sure they would
work good, next I am going to add conduit boxes to each camera and stash all new
cables inside each one connecting each box via pvc pipe, this was its nice and
clean and the thieves cant cut the wires easily.I was hoping to find turret
cameras on hiseeus' website but all they have atm is bullets.I will post any
updates to these but so far I am liking them, just had to google a few times to
find help on setting the security up.Update 8 Dec 2020If you wanted to be able
to back up your video and watch on your pute well then do not buy this
system.Recording at .265 it saves the backup as 1: .H265  2: AVI 3: MP4None of
which are actual video files.I tried and have a 800m file of each type and cant
watch any of them and no conversion info, they put a codec file on your flash
drive when you do the back up and windows says TOO OLD CANT USE.So now do I
wanna take these back down and send them back since they dont do the job well or
just say to heck with it and make a blue iris setup for these.Last night I also
have a ir failure for some reason, at 3:22 AM the Ir went out and I got the
alarm, and then a min later I hear a click on the video and the ir is back, all
the other cams were OK.Update 14 Dec 2020If you need to download a video i have
found out that the app they have ya use is perfect for it, I can download my
videos to my phone then just copy them to my computer for editing.Stay tuned for
more updates.
    The day & night pictures are great!  We have had the cameras connected and
in use for about 3 weeks and have ZERO complaints.  We use the app and love
being able to view the house - all the way around - while away.  We got a new
modems and to change the system over from old one to the new one was a piece of
cake.  We had some user error issues, reached out to customer service and they
were extremely helpful and got us educated and back on track.  Highly recommend
this camera system!
    I bought this set of cameras to try a different brand then what we have
already on one of a rental properties. The installation was easier then the
other set and I really like the POE. I dont have extra wires for each camera i
have to plug in for power. They have a great quality picture and sound! I had a
hard time figuring out how to connect the app to my phone (I am not good at tech
stuff) so I sent an email asking for assistance  and a customer service person,
Kiki,  called me very quickly and walked me through it. She also sent me a
follow up email and directions in case I needed them. She was very nice and
patient with me. I have several more rental units that I am putting cameras on
and I will be purchasing this brand again.
    I read the good/bad reviews on this system and decided to take a chance on
it due to the functions that were advertised and the price. I am happy I bought
this system so far. First thing I did was make sure it worked by connecting a
cam to the DVR and firing the system up. All good. Then I planned the DVR
location and I wired up all the cam wires up through the wall and across the
attic. Had to purchase a set of two 25ft extension wires to reach the farthest 2
cam locations, but that was inexpensive and expected. The set comes with all
60ft cam wires. Connected everything to the DVR and bam!, 8 cam views all
working and nice and clear. There are many settings and adjustments that can be
made which the instruction book touches on very briefly. But I clicked around
and got a grasp on what the DVR and cams can do. After a little while I figured
out how the system works and how to navigate the menus. The camera adjustment
instructions come with the individual cams, so there's two sets of instructions
to refer to. I had no trouble setting up passwords or any initial registration.
By the way, in addition to the night vision, the particular cameras in this set
have a single bright LED security light (white light alarm) that lights up when
the cam detects motion, which I really like. You have to set the light to come
on for each cam, its in the DVR settings. I have the cam on my front porch set
to use the security light, also to sound an alert beep on the DVR itself, which
can also be set for each cam. That is separate from the alerts on the mobile
app.  The mobile app set up just fine and it actually works quite well. Right
after I installed the system, I left town on a trip. I had no issues viewing all
8 cams from over 500mi away and I don't even have high speed internet on my end.
I got alerts (when I turned them on) and could review the recorded footage on
every single instance. It all just worked as advertised. Also, on this system,
you can add up to 2 IP cams that connect with a cat5 cable directly to the
wireless router that the DVR is connected to and it will pick them up. I may
eventually get one of those to add a 9th cam.
    The setup on this system is very easy. The hardest part is running the
wiring to the cameras but the POE (power over internet) NVR powers the cameras
through the Ethernet cable so you don’t have to have an outlet near the camera.
I had an issue getting the NVR online so I called tech support. To my surprise
the call went very smooth. I spoke to Johnny and he had me up and running within
3 minutes. The night vision works well and I’m happy with the daylight picture.
I researched and compared all the brands on amazon before pulling the trigger on
hiseeu. They didn’t have the most reviews but the reviews they had were good.
They also had the POE NVR with a hard drive already installed with 5mp cameras.
I’m happy with my decision.
    The cameras were fairly easy to set up. If you have a bigger size home be
prepared to order extension cables, if you want your cameras on multiple
monitors goodluck with that. The night vision is decent as long as bright lights
are all around. The motion detection is pretty good although it doesn’t keep
tracking if the person is standing still on camera. Haven’t been able to set up
the mobile able due to an Ethernet cord not being long enough for me to connect
directly to the router. My next route will be wireless cameras that will send me
alerts once motion is detected.
    This DVR is quite small but powerful. All the cameras are easy to setup but
note that you will need to do some running of wires into the wall. This is a
device that did not require any internet signal as internet can become
unreliable with signal issues or power outage. It does come with eight cameras
so you have plenty of different cameras to work with. They all come with eight
long cables as well to connect and power your cameras. The DVR does come with 1
TB hard drive that you can actually swap out for a bigger drive sizes if you
wanted; however you will need to open up the unit to access the hard drive. It
has several outputs such as VGA and HDMI. The HDMI is nice if you want a bit of
sound or are hooking up to your TV. I normally like that VGA part as it allows
me to utilize my older monitors to see that cameras. You can utilizes IPTV
cameras with the DVR but you will need to purchase those separately. For the
wireless camera you will need to get some kind of hub to connect to this device
to transfer the data to the DVR. Be aware that there is a lot of wiring that is
required if you are going to be using this DVR box. Depending on the quality of
your recording and settings, your 1 TB hard drive will fill up quickly. What is
nice about this DVR is that it will overwrite older footage once the hard drive
is full. Again the amount of footage depends on the quality of your recording. I
would recommend getting cameras with motion sensor recording to save on memory
space. There is a wired USB mouse that is provided to make it easier to navigate
through the system once it has been plugged into the system. I would recommend
leaving this device a bit more in the open as it does generate heat and you want
to keep proper airflow to keep it from getting damaged. I also recommend keeping
this close to your modem or router to give it reliable signal if you want to see
your camera through your phones or such. What is nice is that it will continue
to record even if there is no wireless signal so you have a bit of peace of mind
that you will have footage in case of a possible break in. The cameras are
pretty strong. It gave me a good clear view during the day and has automatic
night vision during the night. Note that the night vision cannot be seen through
glass as the light would just reflect back onto the camera if you were to try to
point it towards a window. The cameras are all weather proof so it can take rain
and such. I tried a water test and the water did not hinder the camera too much.
Overall I think this is a good recommended starter kit for a new home. Be aware
that with any camera system you will require a ton of cable running through the
wall but the rest of the setup (such as wifi and monitor) are very simple once
you have the cameras all plugged in. I would recommend having this plugged into
an emergency power bank in case of power outage to keep the device running a
little longer. All eight cameras come with all the accessories needed to install
and they work great.
    Got this a week ago on a Black Friday special and starting to set it up this
weekend. I have two of the four cameras installed now and will do two more this
weekend. The software on the device takes a little getting used to if you
haven't worked with a security camera system before, but I have ones from two
different manufacturers at work and it's not significantly different.So far, I'm
impressed with the ease of setup and picture quality. I've recommended this to
family members already too.Only minor caveat - there doesn't seem to be an NTP
option to have the device set its own time from an Internet time server, which
seems to be an odd thing, but not a game stopper either.
    I shopped around for several months before deciding on a system to buy. I am
using the system for general outdoor home security, and I wanted something that
provided good image quality but stayed within our budget. I bought the system
that came with four cameras but an 8-channel NVR, so that I can expand over the
course of the next few months. I didn't mind running the wiring myself, and I
prefer the stability of wiring over WiFi.The system actually came much sooner
than promised. Even though it was a prime product, Amazon indicated it would
take a week to reach me from the manufacturer. Instead it still only took the
two days. Everything was very well packaged. I unboxed everything and hooked it
all up to the NVR, and the NVR to the router, to make sure everything worked,
which it did. The remote could be a little sturdier, but I don't plan on using
it. There is a startup wizard when you first run the NVR. The only thing I would
wish was better is the documentation, which I know other people have mentioned
as well. What there is can be a little hard to follow for someone who is not
super tech-savvy and needs a well-designed GUI to help them navigate. It IS
manageable though. And within two days of the cameras arriving, I got an email
from the company, asking if I had any problems and reminding me of the contact
information in case I needed assistance or had questions. One of the reasons I
chose this system was because of the good things I had read about their customer
support. The app is fairly simple to navigate, once you get your device added.So
far I have 3 of the four cameras mounted and wired. I'm happy with the image
quality, both day and night vision, and they pick up audio quite well. I'm
waiting to see how they will hold up in our NY winters. I haven't spent a ton of
time yet in the captured video, using things like the search and alarm features.
If I feel there's anything significant to add, I will definitely come back and
write about it.  Overall, I'm very happy with the purchase.
    5mp cameras as clear as day, i love it being poe, as a data tech im always
skeptical of cheaper security products, but to appease my wife we went cheap to
see if its what we would want. As I said for being the cheapest poe 5mp camera
set up we could find any where it is one hell of a bang for the buck. Starlight
ir,  built in microphone makes it crystal clear what people are saying, this is
good enough im going to buy the 8.3mp set up. These are starlight night vision
literally its almost pitch dark outside and this is amazing.UPDATE 12/23/20DO
NOT BUYBOUGHT 7/29/20The first 2 weeks were good. 3 weeks in 2 cameras went
bad.Tried to contact hisseu to replace the cameras TO NO AVAIL. Facebook email
phone whatsapp NO RESPONSEreached out to Amazon they credited the account for
the price of 2 replacement cameras1 came brokenAmazon replaced itFinally 4
working camerasFor 22 daysAfter the 30 day return of September 30th date I had
bought a total of 9 cameras on the system out of the 12 I received 3 of them
remained in working order by the 15th of December. 348 emails 213 phone calls
and not a single response from HISSEU. Today after spending 2 hours and 14
minutes on the chat with Amazon they agreed to let it be returned without
telling me there was going to be an absurd fee. 50 dollars for a camera, I get
32 dollars back. 257.88 for the 4 camera system I get 205.91 back. 240 dollars
back in my Amazon account for over 500 dollars worth of returns. Im just happy
to get something back I guess.DO NOT BUYWARRANTY IS NON EXISTINGYOU WILL LOSE
YOUR MONEYYOU WILL LOSE UR FOREVER LOVING MINDDONT SAY YOU WERENT WARNED
    I wanted a wired system. Wiring may be a bit more trouble to install for
most folks v's wireless However, once installed, a wired system is generally
rock solid on connectivity. The 60' included cables were long enough for several
of my cameras and I added a couple of 100' cables to reach the far corners of
the house (had some slack at the end).The setup wizard worked pretty well. I'm
not real computer hip, so there was a bit of "trial & error", but the screens
popped up reasonably easy. I'm pleased with the quality of the camera displays
both day and night. This isn't a $1000 or $2000 system, so I wasn't expecting
perfect vision with the cameras.  I've actually done some playback of the
recordings. Once I kinda figured out how it worked, I can reasonably and
consistently playback specific recorded tracks or cameras. Like most imported
products, this one is very short on instructions. This product could really use
a tutorial, on a CD, done in English(for this market) by someone who is NOT an
expert on the unit. I have found that information provided by people that are
very knowledgeable on their product have a tendency to start in the middle of
the learning curve and really skip the BASICS.  I will say that, "if I can
figured out the basics of this", almost anybody can ("patience Grasshopper")!
The system has only been in for a couple of weeks, but I am currently very
pleased. The above pictures are: visitors to my backyard(the dogs dug in under
my fence) and a view of the monitor I have connected to the NVR. Currently only
have 5 cameras hooked up, but I am going to add a couple of long range IR
cameras to take in my shop and the back of my property.
    Picture quality is very good for these cameras and system. Tech support is
very responsive, the HDD it came with died out about a month after I got it and
they shipped a new one right away. Its got face detection so it makes a little
snapshot on the recording timeliness when it detects a person so you can focus
in on what that person was doing around your home. The one way audio is really
good as well to hear what's going on. I have 4 cameras, 3 are on a 2nd floor so
the mic I dont think catches too much but the one in my driveway works great. It
was very easy to run the wire and the length that came with the package was
plenty to run where I needed it to.The app is very easy to set up which is both
good and bad. The good is you don't have to do any port forwarding on your
router but the bad is that this means they are proxying some of that connection
to their servers, no knowing where those are being hosted.
    These cameras really are an incredible value. I had Arlo cameras before
installing these, and the picture quality and night vision performance is so
much better than the Arlo cameras that it doesn’t even seem like a fair
comparison. With these cameras at night with zero lights on around my house, I
can still see well past my property line and can get a clear enough picture for
facial recognition at night. During the day the image quality is simply
excellent. I was looking at other MUCH more expensive POE cameras with an NVR,
and I’m glad I gave these a chance. The only tip I have is instead of using the
recommended XMEye app, use XMEye Pro in the Apple App Store. Both are by the
same company and use the same login information, but the Pro version of the app
has a much better and cleaner UI with greater functionality. I only had one
technical issue, which was my fault (apparently 4K television sets do not like
2560x1600 resolution, or at least mine doesn’t) and I got a response with
instructions on how to revert to the base resolution within a day of sending my
email. Overall very pleased, and I will be looking at Hiseeu for future camera
purchases to add on to this NVR.
    The software has a lot of options, fairly straight forward setup if you’ve
ever dealt with electronics.... the video quality and feeds are great,
especially for the money. I will also add that I chatted with customer service
real quick, and they were extremely fast to respond and very helpful. Thank you
again!
    Wasn't sure what to expect 200 dollars for 4 POE cameras, NVR with a hard
drive, and 5 network cables.  Personally I don't see how they sell it that
cheap.  You can see where they cut corners but I am thankful because I don't
want to pay 350 for essentially the same thing.  The choices they made, I would
make.Good interface, and software choice between SD or HD.  I have limited
bandwidth at my cabin so I love it.If budget isn't an issue, you aren't buying
this.  If budget is a concern, you should be buying this!
    Great system! POE is the way to go and this system delivers. Came with
everything you need to get started and was rather easy to install, pretty much
plug and play.  Our system is connected to a 65" 4k tv and the quality of the
cameras is great, crystal clear. Instructions regarding system settings and
tweaks aren't provided but most settings are self explanatory.  Instead of the
included wired mouse we used a usb wireless mouse and I works well. Definitely
would recommend.
    Excelente producto comparación precio.. Excelente soporte técnico. Visión
nocturna es buenísima. De día hay que adaptar los parámetros para escoger la
mejor imagen pero también es buenísima. El audio es super, una calidad
impresionante. Añadí una cámara que compre y es protocolo Onvif y la reconoció
rápido sin ningún problema, lo único que es que no me deja cambiar los
parámetros como las hiseeu. Pero se ve bien también y a pesar que tiene audio no
lo reproduce como las hiseeu. En fin tremendo equipo comparto a precio. El
software es muy fácil de usar y la app también. Con 1 TB de disco duro dura como
una semana de grabación con 5 cámaras. Lo más que me gustó es el audio y la
imagen. Las monté yo mismo aunque ya tenía experiencia montando cámaras se me
hizo más fácil que las que trabajan por cable siamés bnc. En un futuro cercano
pienso comprar otro kit para solamente usar las 4 camaras, porque cada cámara
solamente cuesta $60 y el kit completo $220, pues es mejor comprar el kit
completo y tengo otro Nvr de respuesto. La app funciona muy bien para Android y
para IOS. Hasta ahora muy complacido.
    This is the third camera system I have installed in my houses.  This was by
far the easiest to install.  The POE combined with the software configuration
made it as simple as can be.  In the past, I had to make complex configuration
setting changes for networks, etc.  This time it was as easy as downloading a
program and taking a picture of the OCR code. Everything was done for me.  I am
also impressed with the picture quality.  Going with the 5MP cameras made all
the difference in the world from my old 720p and 1080p cameras.  In the high
definition mode, I can actually see faces, license plates, and other detail.  I
am very satisfied with the entire system.  I gave 5 stars for Tech Support but
in reality, there was not any reason to have to engage them.
    Overall the system has been easy to setup.  I have the four camera, that
came with the unit, and 2 additional OVIF compatible camera, the setup wizard
found all of them with no problems. The image quality is very good and the
infrared view at night provided a much better picture then I expected.  The
mobile app allows you to view all the cameras on your phone. Some of the camera
functions can be controlled from the mobile app while settings like the infrared
vision have to be adjusted from the NVR interface.
    Instructions and software poorly translated into English - QR code doesn't
work (several QR code apps, and the native camera couldn't recognize it) - Video
quality is poor - Camera wouldn't enter color vision, stayed in night vision,
even when in a brightly lit room - Can't figure out how to view the stream
remotely (very non-intuitive, if even possible)
    So far so good. Easy install and quality image. Instructions in broken
English and not the easiest but great. I respect the company and their efforts.
Great to work with if you have a ANY questions. Plug and play. I only with the
cord was at least 10-15 ft longer
    The Hiseeu 5MP PoE Security Camera System, 1TB HD, is a great product for
outdoor/indoor.It was easy to set up the NVR and the Android App (Xmeye), and I
am not an IT guy. Just plug and play.You can zoom the camera using the App. But
I could not find that function using NVR. I was not able to access the cameras
through the internet browser.It comes with an ethernet cable Cat5e to connect
the cameras to the NVR. No ethernet cable to connect NVR to router.Video quality
is very good, day or night.
    Love the video quality, the User interface is simple but very intuitive.
Have yet to install the system but I have tested the system and it looks
amazing.I have installed many CCTV systems and this one with its price point is
perfect.The app is very nice and fast.Will update and give more info after
initial installation.
    I did a lot of shopping online, in major warehouse stores and of two other
product installations. This product is by far the best value, quality and easy
to setup. I have actually installed two other products for customers and the
Hiseeu is the best for features, picture quality, record and playback
flexibility. The DVR automatically pulled in monitoring of my existing "Smart
LED Bulb 360 degree Camera". Now I can monitor 5 cameras from my cell phone,
local PC or at the DVR monitor. I am very satisfied with this product and
recommend it to anyone seeking a security system of quality at a great price
including 1TB for recording on the DVR.
    Couldn't download the app by scanning it or searching for it, this is a very
low quality product. You can't even test it or get started without the app.
Their own website wouldn't even download it. This "call Saul" tech support thing
is totally ridiculous. It's only certain hours, robotic translator as you are
dealing with some type of Chinese company and customer support. When you email
them, they use a translator to respond. For the love of God, do not waste your
money here!!
    The hardware quality seems OK. The user interface is terrible! I have
experience with other video surveillance system and they are much easier to
figure out. The documentation provided with the unit is poor as is the
information on the website. Still thinking about whether to return this product
but I probably will.
    Camera kit is Great! Hooked everything up to test before installing. Make
sure to update version software....it makes a big difference with clarity of
images and has other great improvements and enhancements! Change system password
and your good to go. I upgraded the hdd to a 4TB for more storage.... power off
nvr, unplug existing drive, plug in new hdd and format. Couldn't be any easier
than that. Also, the customers service is "Exceptional". Sent a few emails with
question's I had and where answered within a few hours. Their support team has
evening hours that start at 7:00pm which worked good for me.With the quality of
this 5MP system...can't wait to see the 4K system!Also, very happy with my
purchase and Tech Support!
    I'm really impressed with my Hiseeu PoE de 5 MP system.Excellent quality,
excellent image, price and customer service.Estoy muy impresionado con el
producto muy buena calidad de imagen, costo, calidad del productoy servicio al
cliente.Honestly I recommend this product.
    I was looking for affordable NVR/POE camera for my home and I tried Hiseeu.
I setup 2 cameras on my desk as soon as I received it  (before installing them)
and I was impressed with quality,The package has everything for installation and
also they provided 8xmore RJ45 socket which was helpful for me. in one spot I
just need 15 ft and I made made my cable. I install 4xcamera around my house and
I am very happy with result, Updating NVR/Camera firmware was easy and the app
is very useful. I called support and I talked to Kiki ,she was helpful to answer
my question and resolve my issue
    We had an initial problem with the lights on these cameras not going when
someone walked in front of the camera at night.  I contacted customer service
and they were phenomenal in helping me get this problem fixed. They sent me
screen shots to show me step by step how to program them correctly.  We have 6
around the house and they all work very well.
    I recieved my product, when installing I tore a wire. I contacted a customer
representative from annke (Amber) she resolved my issue in a professional timely
manner. I was really pleased with this I would definately recommend buying this
product. I am happy with the service they provided me.
    My previous LaView system server stopped hosting P2P, can no long remote
view my cameras over the mobile phone.  Saw this on sale and purchased the
entire kit.  All I had to plug in and add in the camera PW and all the image
showed up.  Also used the camera that came with it, very clear...you will not
disappoint!!!
    Well when i hook it all up i was surprised by the picture quality its
amazing it looks fake thats how great it is ,,comes in SD you can switch it to
HD wow amazing
    Great little inexpensive  POE security camera system. 2k cameras have good
quality as expected. Familiar with 4K systems and got what I expected. Super
easy setup.
    Setup can be challenging but the results are very good and I really like the
added simplicity of POE, where running additional power lines in older homes can
be difficult if outlets are limited.
    Works great. There are several different options to use in regards to
settings. Easy set up.
    I love these cameras. Always know who's at your house even when you're not
home. Cool way to check on the kids playing outside.  Tech support is awesome
they answer right away and help you through any problems you have. These cameras
are definitely worth the money just for the peace of mind.
    The cameras are great. You can zoom in and have a choice between basic or
HD. The night vision is pretty good. My main complaint is the motion sensor. It
claims that the lowest sensitivity will not pick up small animals. It does and
more. The shadows from the tree causes it to constantly go off.The customer
support is quick to respond but hard to understand. They don't speak English
very well but you can understand most of it.
    I def recommend this Security System setup if you are in the need for one.
I opted for the wired version, because distance and location wasn't a problem.
My brother has the wifi versions, loves them.  It was all easy to setup and
install, mobile app is nice and so is the UI for the NVR.  Highly recommend!
    System works great. Customer service was excellent. I am still learning how
to use the software as far as recording and system settings but so far so good.
    Received system as stated and very easy to set up and install.  Great
picture day and night.  No issues and will add more cameras later.
    I got this camera system to have security cameras around the house.
Installation was a breeze. The cameras worked great right out of the box. The
app was easy to download and get up and running. The picture looks great and is
really clear.
    Replaced my old security cameras with the Hiseeu 5MP PoE Security Camera
System. What a difference. Everything needed is in the package. Very easy to
install and set up. I plan to only use the high quality Hiseeu cameras, system
comes with 4 but can handle 8 cameras, but the system is ONVIF compliant so in a
pinch I could add any POE IP camera. Highly recommend this system for home or
business.
    Junk. App exceeded its monthly download limit. I don’t want to use the cloud
with a Chinese company. Very disappointed.
    For my money,the 5MP security system is the absolute best in its class.With
being said,this product is great and the video quality is amazing at sharp day
or night,installation and setup are quick and easy.The app is easy to use and
the video streaming quality can be controlled to fit the needs of your
internet.All in,this is a very good system at a perfect price,I am totally
satisfied!
    Been up for a week and working perfectly we have no street lights on our
block but I can still see clearly thank you to the night vision. Package even
came 2 days early!!!!!
    The box and cameras are great. I broke a network cable while trying to
string it out.Got a box of 5e and made my own.great system
    Awesome system.  The video cameras were easy to install, the video was very
clear and I had a problem with the hard drive. It was replaced quickly by the
mfgr, and their customer assistance was superior. Thank you Hiseeau for your
informative advice.
    Easy install and great cameras.  Struggled with getting the online app on my
cell to work, doesn't really like the scan part of it, had to do it manually but
otherwise so far so good.  Better quality than my previous system.  Only been up
and running for 1 day now but have great hopes for this one!
    I really like this system. If you internet speed is ok you will enjoy a real
time video. Easy installation and you don't need to be an engineer to manipulate
it. Excellent product and a good price. As always on time with Amazon.
    Picture quality and access from the mobile app is great.  Getting connected
to the mobile app was a challenge but I was able to get it to work after a few
tries.  Would have given it five stars if not for the problems getting connected
to the app.
    work great very impressed with the night vision
    5 stars to this product. This product has been constructed to last. Image
quality is great. You can clearly see license plate numbers and facial details.
The best part of my experience has been the customer service, unlike other
companies, this one is very responsive. They helped me and call me back when
needed. I love them!
    Easy set up didn't  need tech support.
    The NVR and one camera were broken.  The package was sent back for a
replacement.
    Mouse was in 3 pieces upon unboxing. However, Hiseeu customer service
refunded the cost. Everything is working as it should be. Installation was easy.
Template stickers for camera mounting came in handy. Picture quality and face
detection clear.
    is also very effective any time of the day.you do not need to be home to get
alerts it  will alerts you . if any  actionI do not have the scree shot yes
yetbut i got a coupon for a free camera i hope to get
    I purchase a set of these cameras for my church and I installed them myself
self it was very easy to do the install. after I completed the install I really
loved how clear they looked on my phone so I decided to purchase the same set
for my house you will love these cameras, very easy to set up I highly recommend
them.
    I have had this system for about a month now and it works great! night
vision and HD picture quality is fantastic. Set up is pretty much plug and play.
However, if you plan to run the cable behind the wall tools and some knowledge
about pulling and crimping ends on ethernet cable will be needed.
    Likes:  clarity, sound, face identification, ease of instillationDislikes:
none at this timeTerrific system, I cant say enough about this product.  Its set
up to cover all our entrances and exits on the property and I cant believe the
picture quality and sound feature.  Would highly recommend this product.
    Good product for the price, easy set up
    Does great job needs more user interface instructions.
    Saul is good technician with fast response. Product works well.
    System allowed back door program access to cameras, therefore not secure.
Help unable to provide resolution to locking out back door access to system via
secure password, therefore returned system as security design flaw.
    im very happy with the cameras,picture and sound very nice,customer service
amazing,Kiki thank you so much,you helped me alot all the way,everyone i spoke
to was good to me,thank you all
    Great product use for home security night vision excellent picture quality
above my expectations and tech support owsome recommend this product one hundred
percent to anyone in home or business security camera system you would not
regret it the best ever
    Clear pics
    I am very pleased with my new security system.  The quality of unit is good.
The cameras are very sturdy.  The picture is clear and night vision works great
in my dark back yard.  I even recommended this system to my mom. I would
definitely recommend to others.
    The systems was easy to install.  Love the power over ethernet option.
Picture and Sound are great.  We do not have internet in this location, so we
are unable to use the app feature. I emailed support with a question and they
responded within 24 hours.
    False advertisement the cameras wasn't even wireless you have to run the
Ethernet cord through your home and when you try to get ahold of tech support
either the number don't work or they text you back and wanting u to email them
but doesn't give you an email address never spending $300 on this crappy junk
again
    It was easy to set up.And the cameras put out a good picture.
    Push notifications do not work which makes the motion sensing useless, also
cannot share with my husbands phone, they reply to emails but no help, no phone
communication as they’re in China
    So far so good. Takes a little patience to get it setup. The interface is a
little wonky but the camera quality is great and I love that they are hardwired
by Ethernet. Also the support and help I received was great. They were super
responsive and helpful to get my cameras setup correctly.
    Great cameras! Can access from my phone and tech support is great !
    Good system , easy setup , great product
    already in love with these cameras. even the IR LEDs make the night vision
great! i love being able to connect to them remotely, and i even downloaded the
app for my computer so i can watch the cams on my second monitor! HIGHLY
recommended!
    These cameras work great. I can view the cameras on the app as long as
router is directly connected to the NVR. Set up was not super easy but kiki from
tech support was able to get me squared away. I paired these cameras with cable
covers to make the install very clean.
    Works good so far. Easy installation. Only had it installed for about a
week. The night vision is very good. Motion detection seems to be working well
also. Time will tell about longevity.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      So excited to have my new
security system. Having it installed today. Only heard great things from others
whom have purchased this product. I will follow up with a new update.
    Great system, no issues, very easy to set up with remote access.  Crystal
clear camera quality. Very happy with this system.
    Poor documentation. No customer service
    These cameras provide good quality video and monitoring. I am very satisfied
with this purchase!
    Satisfecho con la compra, muy buenas cámara y tienen buena visión. El
soporte técnico fue muy rápido, me respondieron en 24 horas.
    Still trying to work out some kinks on my end but overall great pics helps
to keep a good eye on our place.
    Very good quality for a reasonable price. Motion lights are bright. Setup
instructions were a little challenging.
    Excellent product at a reasonable price. Set up and installation was easy. I
bought this system because I can't get internet where my cabin is and this
system is exactly what I was looking for.
    Great equipmentFast and very quick customer support also they’re very
friendly. The product has a lot of great features such as theft alert. The
assembly instructions is very clear and easy to install.
    Had cameras for all but 7 months and the color is going out in the cameras
that are out side. I put green arrows so you can see the discoloration. These
are meant to be outside and i need to replace them already.
    This is an amazing product! I’ll definitely recommend it. We’re about to
install the Hiseeu cameras, before that we tried the quality of cameras and it’s
the best quality I’ve seen!
    I ordered these cameras for my business. It has great clarity. I had a
problem w one of the cameras which was defective. I contacted them about this
issue and they sent me a new camera. Overall I’m happy with the cameras.
    Product came very fast.  I tested each camera when they arrived. No problems
connecting to the DVR.
    Home security and i had no problem setting everything up. The video and
night vision are excellent, I uploaded a night vision pic and it is clear. Thank
you Hiseeu.
    Item was on time, the cameras are neat, metal seems very durable. Great
purchase
    This camera system is by far the best I have had the pictures are crystal
clear and sound is as well!! I totally recommend these for your house/store 😃
    Nothing product is great
    Great Product easy too install, great quality video would buy again or tells
my friends to buy this product.
    System seemed pretty good, but I believe the hard drive died within 2
days.Bought to film my pole barn being built, now all the video is lost.
    DVR is easy to use, picture quality is very good for the price. The
installation was straight forward. Quality product and I am satisfied with my
purchase.
    Wonderful picture quality. Able to see faces with facial recognition at
moderate clarity. Tech support was flawless when we needed help setting up.
    This product is very affordable and the video is very clear. The sound is a
great help in identifying who is on the property.
    Excelente sistema de cámaras! La recomiendo.
    This was easy to install and set up.  Good quality picture.
    These cameras are very nice quality and so is the DVR. I am highly satisfied
seeing that my last system was a Nighowl system 3+ years ago.
    Este producto es excelente, lo recomiendo totalmente, posee buena calidad y
un bajo costo para lo que ofrece
    System works as advertised,  great product for the money. Customer service
was responsive and very helpful. Great overall,  thanks!
    This product was easy to set up. I am going through all of the many options.
    Super simple setup and install. Literally plug and play. PoE is the way to
go!
    This NVR system is great for the price and the cameras are superb.  Will be
adding additional cameras in the future.
    Motion detection won’t send alerts to me
    Easy to install and with a good picture.  Used for home security.
    Everything is as described. Very satisfied with the product and customer
service so far.
    It was a very simple setup and works just as described!
    Fairly good picture quality. App is lacking, but over all worth the
purchase. Easy to set up.
    Mi primo compro este mismo sistema y tiene buenisima calidad, por eso la
recomiendo
    The camera overall quality is Awesome. The night vision quality looks like
daytime.
    The product quality is very good for the price and the customer service is
excellent.
    Will use again for our business.
    genial
    Love the product. Easy to use and install
    Nice picture quality 👍
    Its okay
    i love this camera.prfect picture quality
    Great picture quality and easy set up
    VERY RECOMMENDED
    System is very easy to install.
    Great quality and easy setup
    Love the audio and picture is clear
    Great product for its price!
    Picture quality.
    Video quality is good.
    Good system
    Buen articulo y buen estado
    This is definitely the nicest ANNKE security system that I have seen to
date, although I have not been all that impressed with some of their other
systems. The cameras provided in this kit are of much better quality than some
of their other ones, being constructed almost entirely of metal instead of the
cheap plastic they use in some others.While the cameras are obviously not PTZ
they do provide a decent, static overview of the area you are pointing at and in
good or bad weather. The kit comes with pretty much all that you need, including
60' cables for each camera. If you need something longer or shorter it is just
easier to go on eBay or Amazon to try to find a custom length BNC cable as
crimping or soldering the cables yourself is a pain. There does not seem to be
any guidance as to what the maximum cable run on these units should be.The
biggest problem with these ANNKE systems has always been the documentation. To
put it nicely, Chinese manufacturers rarely provide useful documentation. While
the documentation provided here is at least written in understandable English,
the details can be rather skimpy in places. You may have to do some
experimenting in order to get things working properly.I would also be remiss to
not mention the fact that any streaming video going over the internet is going
to go through a server in China somewhere. There really is no way to know for
sure who has access to this information. So, if you are feeling especially
paranoid you may want to look at a system that is either based in the USA or
that does not use servers in foreign countries.The included 1TB (mechanical)
hard drive has enough capacity for most people's needs to hold a good amount of
historical data. The playback features are very basic, but good enough. The
processor that this unit uses is just adequate enough to get by. There is
definitely some slowing down with a greater number of cameras though. You can
get slightly better performance by replacing the included HDD with a SSD. The
system can get slow but seems stable. I have never had a system completely crash
on me to date. It can "hang" for a few seconds when it is overloaded though.If
you have not used systems such as this the amount of features and the skimpy
documentation devoted to them can be pretty baffling. This is definitely not a
system for the first time do-it-yourselfer. If you are willing to spend a lot of
time to figure things out on your own it may be worth it for you though. If you
are looking for a much simpler system with better documentation you would be
better off going with a system from Harbor Freight or Costco than this one. If
you know exactly what you are doing and are willing to put the extra work in
this system is a pretty good deal though.
    It’s a five megapixel system and it’s a pleasure to watch. The vividly clear
picture is awesome. It took a bit to install but I’ve done a few so knowing a
little helped a lot. The receiver is five megapixel also. You can have lesser
megapixel cameras but nothing over five. The cables were long enough for the
runs I wanted. The security features are current and up to date. The receiver
came with the one terabyte hard drive already installed. It’s capabilities will
record the eight cameras for quite awhile. The eight cameras are metal and are
waterproof. It is a well thought out security system with wanted features. The
clear video just blows me away! Four Stars ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️!!!
    We have used a plethora of cheap wireless security cams and I can say that
if you are considering between this system or a few wireless cams I would go
with this system. Setting it up is not as easy, the instructions are pretty
helpful but not perfect so it takes a bit of messing around and online research
to get everything fully set up and figure out how to make use of all the
features. Getting everything wired up also takes a bit of time as you need to
find out a way to hide the wires while still being efficient with how much
wiring you use. However after the initial set up phase everything is
frictionless. The quality of the day light and night time videos are great, the
cameras feel sturdy and I have yet to have any problems with them. I can easily
cover all my entrances and main rooms which gives me peace of mind. The app is
also really nice since the menus from the dvr are not great but the app makes
the basic recording and other features much easier. Overall its a great system.
    This is an outstanding 8 channel security system camera. It is easy to
install and use, it has good quality, good night vision, and a breeze to replay
video. It’s the best value I found for an 8 camera system. The camera clarity is
excellent for the price, those cameras working great, way better than expected.
The camera quality is better than my old security system.Don’t let somebody
break into your vehicles or your home when you're not at home or sleeping. The
mobile application is amazing!! While I’m at work or school, I can even watch it
on my phone and the quality is amazing, you will be satisfied.
    The recording software is extremely customizable, your able to go into the
settings of each camera and set if you want continuous recording or motion
detection recording. Your able to program it to be different at different times
of the day or set a holiday schedule. The cameras themselves are simple to
install but the are fully wired and do have to be plugged into the DVR box so it
does involve running lots of cables and hiding them. We live in a rural area
where internet isn’t available so a system that didn’t require internet was a
must, but you are able to set up internet access if you do have home internet so
you can view them when your away.
    This new system that ANNKE is developing with this package are vastly
improved from previous models. These new cameras, that are unfortunately static
cameras, have a much higher video quality being 5MP. The kit will come with
everything you will need to set the cameras up and if you do any general work on
your house, you should not have any problems setting the cameras up. The hardest
part for me was finding the best places to mount them but with 8 cameras my
house looks like I’m guarding the hope diamond now. Overall I am very impressed
with the quality of the cameras and the total set. The cameras are a durable
metal material and can last through any weather. The DVR has also been working
great and has not given me any problems so far. Great product!
    I’m impressed with the quality of the images during both the day and night.
The 2MP cameras are clearer than other security cameras that I have owned in the
past and better than most I have researched on the market at the moment.The app
is great for real-time alerts.  Never miss anything when we are away from home.
It makes for a safer feeling home, both when we are there or at work and out and
about.The cameras are made for outdoors and have withstood some extreme weather
since we have purchased it, including heavy rain and cold.I’m happy with this
security system! Love the peace of mind in having 24/7 security.
    I installed this at my families house to keep watch over the house after we
had a break in. This system has been very dependable so far. Despite the low
price (at time of review); this system really does deliver in quality and
performance.Pros- Semi Fast DVR; It only takes a few seconds to scroll through
footage.- Great night vision; the night vision can see very far and quite
clearly (see images).- Great daytime vision / color vision; I can clearly see
when people come and go and even read tags from the street (depending on how
close the cars are).- Good compression on camera feeds; DVR lasts many days with
4-8 channels running all the time.- Alert system with motion detection areas; I
was able to setup alerts on different camera channels that activate based on
motion to send me alerts. This works well although it does pick up trees moving
so YMMV depending on how your yard is.- Easy install; the cameras require
basically 2 plugs each and the lines are super light and easy to work with. We
had no problems running the lines around the house in the roof boards to hide
them. Cameras are easily adjusted in terms of direction.- Recording
notification; When the cameras pick up motion they turn on a little light that
shows that you are being recorded. Great for deterring would-be robbers.-
Compatibility with No-IP and others; easy to setup with various IP tracking
services to run on your home dynamic IP address. We have had 2 IP switches and
no interruptions in service.- Easy to use app; the app really just works and
lets you take pictures, record video or change DVR options.Cons- Physical DVR
interface is a bit clunky.- Translation of all the features isn't the greatest.
Some things you have to really think about what their translation is trying to
say.- The cables aren't all long enough for a smaller 1250sq foot house... You
might need some longer ones depending on how big your house is. Considering
there are 8 channels; it makes the need for longer cables all that much
greater.All in all this is a pretty nice DVR setup with good resolution,
performance and features. I really cannot complain too much about it and so far
its done its job well. If you are looking for an affordable solid DVR system
then this deserves a real look.If this review helped you at all; please mark it
helpful! Thanks!
    This was an easy system to install. I replaced my old 8 cam system with this
and had some prior knowledge which was helpful. If you've never done this before
you can probably do this on your own but it doesn't hurt to have someone to help
you with hiding wires and trouble shooting. I like the clarity of the cameras
and the night vision. I will caution you to cover your outside wires if you have
squirrels because they will chew these.
    It took about 2 days to fully install and set this up. As with any camera
system, the slowest part is getting the wires to the camera.Once set up, it is
very good. It records what it should, good night vision. Very clear, if you know
the person, you will easily recognize them from the footage.The only
disappointment is the app. it's not easy to use or to set up and that is a
shame. It's not often I watch this through the TV, but wherever I am in the
house, I have my phone.Ideally, you will want to have a friend help you install
this, pulling wires is easier with two!
    I'll start off by saying that the cables that come with the kit are actually
pretty nice. Unfortunately that's the end of my praise for the kit.The cameras
are mediocre quality. I would say they are probably worth about $25-$30 each,
which is consistent with what you can find the individual cameras selling
for.The reason this kit ranks so low for me is the NVR. It's total garbage.
Having a built-in POE switch is nice, but that's about the height of it's value.
The Hard Drive in the unit sounds like New-Old-Stock from from 2009. I wasn't
sure if it was failing or just junk, and I didn't bother taking off the cover to
find out.Hardware aside, the software is an absolute travesty. The NVR
apparently doesn't support keyboards. I don't know how they accomplished this,
but it makes setup incredibly painful. With setup complete I attempted to log
into the web interface, only to be met with constant errors that made no sense
due to poor translation. I decided to upgrade the firmware, which lead to a
total lockout of the web interface and a redirect to download and install some
software from a third party. No way in hell I'm doing that. The mobile app,
XMEye, is the key component named in the article "Naming & Shaming Web
Polluters". The application trades security for convenience, and resulted in the
creation of the Mirai botnet.Over all, the only reason this thing gets a 2
instead of a 1, is that this kit will work if your requirements are;-I can plug
cameras into the box-I can watch the feed on a TV plugged into the box-It will
record video-I can transfer recordings to a USB stick to give to the
policeOutside of that, even connecting this thing to your network/internet would
be a massive mistake. Installing their software would be adding insult to
injury. If you want a solution that you can monitor remotely, this is not the
one.
    The system was easy to install but unsuccessful to implement and run at this
point we are unable to obtain wireless connection to the device for out of home
view of security systems
    Overall, it's an OK security system given the low cost. But not super happy
with it! Options for live viewing are very limited. But the main BAD point is
the brain of the system, ie the main box, is SOOOO loud it drives me crazy from
20ft away!!!!!!!!!!
    After one month, it's safe to say that I would NOT recommend this system.
Too many false alerts (and yes I adjusted it several times), notifications but
no playbacks, issues with the mobile app playbacks, hard to navigate interface,
and the worst part of it all, when I'm watching it live, I can literally see a
car or people passing by (right in front of the camera) but the system does not
start recording or send me a motion detected notification!!! THAT DEFEATS THE
WHOLE PURPOSE of buying a camera aystem!!!!And good luck trying to reach tech
support...Overall, if you want to live record all the time and be reactive when
there is a security problem (rather than proactive), get this system.
Otherwise, invest in something better.Something better:Night Owl - C20X Series
8-Channel, 8-Camera Indoor/Outdoor Wired 1080p 1TB DVR
