    普通の商品ですが、値段が安いので問題はありません。この手の商品で音質を問題にするのはタブーですね。
    故障も少なく、長さも丁度良い
    耳に入る部分の作りが変。使いづらい。もともとチープなものだけどお値段以下です。
    長さに関しては満足していますが、TVで使ってみると音がこもる感じがしました。
    TV用に購入しました。安価でも「ソニー」です。良品です。
    The packaging is more useful than the headphones at least I was able to
recycle that.Terrible product, hard to believe Sony would put their name on
this.The cord is super long. The sound is truly terrible.I'd return it if I
didn't already throw it away
    I've never had better mono earphones!!!  Just the brand name alone (Sony)
made me happy when I opened my package because it is such a well-known name.
The audio is perfect--way beyond the previous mono earphones I've had over the
years.  I'd recommend them highly to anyone who is looking for a really, really
good mono earphone.  I rarely use "regular" earphones because I've been
recovering from the bad fall I had in February of 2015 and have to spend a lot
of time resting in bed.  Although I have regular earphones they aren't
appropriate if a person is bed-ridden.  I can lay comfortably in bed (mostly on
my right side) to watch my TV so a mono earphone is what I needed and I'm proud
to say I have the best of them all.  Thank you, Amazon!!!
    If you have lost your hearing in one ear you may have already encountered
some of the challenges when listening to stereo audio through head phones. For a
few years I threw money at all-in-one stereo-to-mono earbuds: Brite Buds, Short
Buds, 1-Bud, and the like. These all-in-one solutions worked but I found the
quality to be poor, and the cords too short, and the prices relatively high. The
hard plastic housing the speaker, and the hard plastic tube that mounts the
rubber ear fitting would frequently break apart. The short cords meant that when
moving around something stationary like a laptop an extension was required or
else the earbuds would occasionally be pulled from my ear as I moved, sometimes
even damaging the female jack.After having gone through about a dozen poor
quality all-in-one stereo-to-mono earbuds over the years I think I’ve finaly hit
upon a winning combination: this product the “Sony ME-83 Mono Earphones Code 3M
ME83” +  a “Monoprice 107160 3.5mm Stereo Plug to 3.5mm Mono Jack Adaptor”. You
need the adaptor since the Sony ME-83 Mono Earphone is only a mono-to-mono
connection. If you plug it straight into a stereo jack you will only get one
audio feed (the left one IIRC), but together with the adapter it’s a great
combination. The ear piece is well constructed and quite comfortable. The 3
meter cable is great, short of getting up and walking away there’s little chance
of yanking on the cable. That said it does require some cable management if you
are frequently moving your equipment. Best of all this mono ear piece and the
adapter together cost about a third the list price for most of the all-in-one
stereo-to-mono earbuds.TLDR:-Can only hear in one ear.-Most all-in-one stereo-
to-mono earbuds are garbage-Now I use this product with a 3.5mm Mono Jack
Adaptor
    This is a pretty good earphone ..the sound is good and this make me very
happy !! Thanks !!the second order arrived almost 10 days earlier. Good !!
    Great Sound!
    This is a quality earfone, and with a really long cord, which you can always
roll up if you don't need the length.
    The main thing I dislike about it, the wire is WAY too damn long! It's nice
to have some lenght, but that is an extreme... Apart from that, the sound is a
bit off but it works and the earplug is not creating discomfort in the ear.
    Works well. Has a long cord. Very satisfied. Ordered 2 more.
    Good quality.  I like the3 meter cord.  good price.
    Qualité sonore quelconque. Fil trop long.
    Cord is too long
    Item shipped as advertised.
    It does have SUPER long cable (as in more than 6'), which works well for
routing discretely through clothing.  Ear bud is very comfortable for my ear,
single mono bud has very good audio for what it is.  But there us a huge minus:
The jack sticks out quite far from the device, an AM/FM handheld radio (like the
old transistor 9v radios from a few decades back). Due the the jack sticking out
so far and not being a 90° attachment, It is already breaking internal wires
causing interruption in audio after less than a dozen uses.  I would not
recommend simple due to this
    Made in Malaysia, not China!  I had  been using cheap three dollar
earphones, but these have much better sound quality.  So far they seem rugged
enough.  I've dropped one of them multiple times but it still works fine.The
long cord is a plus, as I use it to listen to radio while in bed.Overall, I'm
glad to be able to get these vs the cheap distorted ones.
    Great for sleeping.
    But the cord is unnecessarily long. I tied up some portion of it so I don't
trip up.
    Felt grateful and excited to be able to replace the earphones for an older
but treasured Sony radio with this perfectly functioning item.
    We aren't rough on our stuff, but the wire on this is absolutely too thin.
    It does not fit properly
    line cord too long and fragile. Everything else good
    Great product for what it is. Listen to my radio at night - holds up well,
good sound.
    Ear piece does not fit in my ear cord is 8 feet long. Seriously 8 foot
