    シリコンのサイズをあとワンサイズ入れて刻んで欲しい。
    周りの音がめっちゃ聞こえますが、音質とか静かな音で聞く場合は何も問題なく、もはや最高です。
    Pros: The headphones provide a decent noise cancellation without actually
having to go into your ear canal. They are water/sweat resistant and easy to
clean if needed. The battery life is good and the included case provides extra
charges on the go. They are very comfortable to wear for hours at a time
(because it sits outside of your ear canal instead of pushed into your ear canal
like most other truly wireless headphones), they are perfect for working out,
they have a nice secure fit, I've used them running, biking, lifting weights
etc. and they stay put in my ears, the colour is a unique purple/blue combo, the
sound quality is awesome as is expected from Bose, the bluetooth connection
works great I've had no random drops of connection and no lags watching videos.
They are lightweight in my ears despite the large appearance. Calls sound clear.
And the control buttons work perfectly.Cons: they are expensive, calls only go
through on one ear bud, and with this style headphone they stick out of your
ears noticably (see picture. However this is not a huge deal for me I think they
look fine and are soo comfortable I dont care that they do stick out a
bit).Overall I would highly recommend these truly wireless headphones to
others.If you found this review helpful please click the helpful button below :)
    Los he probado según me han llegado ...Amazon como siempre 100%He tenido
Sony ...Jabra ...bragi the dash y algunos más sencillos de cable apple etcY
estos son una bestialidad como suenanNo hay color ......me ha dejado
asustadoParece que llevas unos auriculares cerrados de diadema y de los
GordosIMPRESIONANTE estos auricularesMe he leído 100 reviuws ., vídeos etc y es
normal que auque tengan menos características  que otros modelos de la
competencia ..la mayoría se decantan por el pedazo de sonido bestial que
tienen....Espero a ver ayudaros a los indecisos ...Seguiremos probándolosAhora
estoy descargando la actualización y veremos como se comportan con los vídeos de
YouTube etc...con el retraso del vídeo audio.......Después de actualizar a la
última versiónLa latencía con YouTube sigue ocurriendoPero con Netflix van
perfectosSerá tema de la App ..todo esto probado con iPhone
    Un producto que en sumo excede todas mis expectativas. Son muy llamativos en
este color, hubiera preferido comprarlos en color negro, son muy bonitos y
elegantes en color Ultravioleta con el logo BOSE, cuando los traes puestos la
gente voltea la mirada a tu oído, si uno tiene el cabello largo como las mujeres
es genial ya que pasan completamente desapercibidos, pero si eres hombre
voltearan a verte si o si. Quizá si no te importa llamar la atención este color
es ideal para ti, sino opta por algo mas discreto.Del sonido puedo decir que es
garantía BOSE, bajos y agudos muy nítidos, aunque cuando subes el volumen a tope
uno de los audífonos (lado izq.) hace un sonido leve similar al de una bocina
reventada. Respecto a la batería puedo decir que hasta este momento el tiempo
que demoran los audífonos de ir del 100% de la carga al 0% es de alrededor de
3.5hrs. sin problemas. La carga de los audífonos es por medio de un estuche
carga pequeño que hace de resguardo y carga, imantado para que no se caigan,
tardan cerca de 1hr. en cargarse totalmente los audífonos rápidamente. Es
importante recordar que la única manera de recargar la pila es a través del
estuche y no viene algún conector a la toma-corriente por lo que considerar
conectarlos a un buen toma-corrientes para evitar daños de sobrevoltaje.El
detalle de hacer deporte es perfecto ya que es muy difícil que se te caigan pues
están diseñados y patentados para no caerse por nada del mundo. Vienen 3
almohadillas dependiendo del tamaño de tu oreja, se quedan fijos en su lugar sin
lastimar, los botones de control están muy duros, hay que hacer mucha fuerza
para oprimirlos, si mantienes oprimido el botón central del audífono derecho
puedes usar comandos de voz con Alexa y Google desde el celular dependiendo de
tu configuración, aunque como repito, el botón es duro y resulta incomodo
mantenerlo presionado en lo que dictas un comando de voz. 1 click contesta-
finaliza llamadas o pausa-reproduce canción, 2 click regresa la canción, 3 click
adelanta la canción.Considerar que cuando recibes una llamada funciona hasta 9m
de distancia con el teléfono (sin que haya paredes de por medio) pero solo se
escucha el auricular derecho, (situación incomoda para los zurdos). Le falta mas
inclusión a BOSE. Respecto al lag que mencionan lamento decir que si tiene
retraso de cerca de 1seg. (algo molesto que deberían resolver en próximos
firmwares). Los he probado con las apps de Amazón Prime, Youtube, Hbo Go y Fox
Premium app. y en todas parece tener ese retraso.Es un precio alto que vale la
pena para los que aman el sonido y se deleitan con la FIDELIDAD por encima de un
volumen estruendoso.*Considerar lo llamativos que son, en especial en el caso de
la inseguridad, sino optar por algún color discreto.*Altamente recomendables,
vale la inversión.
    Those earbuds are what I was looking for. After trying many others I found
it. It is really not possible for those buds to fall from your ears. Even on
treadmill, running at 14-15, they are sturdy in my ears. Sound quality is
amazing. They don't have active noise cancellation however you wear them by
screwing them in your ears so they do a great job blocking the noise. I even use
them while cycling and they are doing a great job, slightly getting wind but
that is fine. Battery life is great with extra charge in its case I charge it
once a week and use every day. You can charge it through plug or any USB. If you
are looking for a great workout earbuds, don't hesitate to buy that.
    I bought these because I have a mini bose speaker which is amazing.  I'm
still working out how to change a track, change the volume and pick up calls,
but I love these headphones.  I'm training for a half marathon and they fit
perfectly, no wobble, I know they won't just fall out, so much better than cable
ones - I don't have anything flapping round my neck as I go.  And the sound,
it's incredible.  Lovely, lovely.  I highly recomend these.
    I really liked the Bose ear buds. The sound was very good, loved the
charging case even though it was quite large. The feel of the buds and charger
were quality and well made. Unfortunately I couldn’t get on with how they looked
on my head. The buds stuck way to far out of my ears making me feel and look
like an alien. The other problem was no noise cancelling so you could everything
going on around you, which is a good thing when your out and about. But if you
travel on the tube you’d need to turn the sound right up. I return them back to
Amazon and had a refund
    waste of money ... please don't buy this . I really didn't expect it from
BOSE . lots of issues , you couldn't able to watch videos from your mobile
phone/smart tv with proper synchronization , their was a audio lag issue
particularly with this product . And i couldn't  able to easily  connect it with
my laptop windows 10 ,later i hardly tried and connected  it but only right side
earphone are working . Waste of money for sure . Dear Bose don't let your name
down by giving such VERY bad quality product . its not worth for money at all.
I'm want refund for this product from amazon.
    I bought these on the recommendation of my sister. She uses them for
running, I use them for the bumpy bus journey across Manchester for work! Very
easy to use, comfortable and hold their charge very well
    Great sound and seems stable and well fitted in ear.  But...Can only connect
to one device at a time.Serious connection delays when watching video, without
which they are of no use to me.I have Bose Quiet Comfort 35 and there were
comments from Bose re delays with those, but they are fine when watching on my
phone with a very slight delay when connecting to my TV.  But these.. feels like
I am in the twilight zone.. do not recommend if you are going to watch video.
    Sound quality is great. They don’t cancel the noise, and the volume is best
done through your phone as the buttons on the earphones themselves aren’t easy
to use when in your ear, but they sit nicely in your ear, are comfortable and
don’t fall out during exercise, which is what I wanted them for.
    Bose is Bose even in 2019, 2020,2021.......Hello people if you are looking
for headphones or true wireless earphones then i guess you are either audiophile
or Showoff personality.If your are audiophile the. Go for bose true wireless
because nothing can beats Bose. I am using this since last 1 week and my friend
who is currently besides me with all new airpod with tap technology is crying
for his decision for buying airpods.Trust me you are not going to make calls for
all day and night even if you have girlfriend she will complaint less if you are
using Bose because of its noise cancellation. It's like you are not wearing
anything at all.Go for Bose Bose Bose....... I have being viewing reviews on
amazon india, amazon.com and YouTube (including comments). And after all that
hard work i am thankful to god that i opted for Bose... Hail Bose
    Fabulous! Expensive (relatively) but great design and excellent quality!
    It's a five out of five in all the options given by Amazon, with one
negative: the headphones are paired together by a master;slave Bluetooth setup,
and at times the left can disconnect with the right. But otherwise, they are
fantastic!
    I must say I was expecting better. They are ok but keep loosing signal
especially the left hand one.I have two sets so can say they are both the same
ok but not great
    I have been using these headphones as my daily driver: when I cycle to
college, when I watch videos, listen to music casually, when I workout in the
gym and run my 5ks everyday.I would like to address a few of the issues that
many of the reviews have talked about:1. Video lag - experienced that problem
with prime video app initially, but somehow it later synced properly. This could
be attributed to a strong Bluetooth connectivity and a WiFi network in the
device you are watching. No other problems in this area. Could be they made a
few hardware tweaks to set it.2. Left earbud does go out of sync for brief
moments during the day - atleast once a day. Update: not anymore after an
update3. I sweat like crazy in general, I box, run, cycle and do HIIT workouts
all with these on and they have miraculously stayed in place. A first for me
from any headphones. Loved these for that.4. The sound quality is excellent for
a truly wireless headphones, I would say it is at the top of the board with
great treble and deep bass.5. The ear buds are very comfortable, though they
might need a bit of getting adjusted to.6. I personally prefer being aware of my
vicinity when I workout/commute in general, so I am glad that at low volumes
I'll be able to hear ambient sounds while in higher volumes, I will enjoy the
immersive experience of true Bose.7. Only the right ear bud works for calls.
This was a bummer-mainly due to the hardware limitation with the master-slave
technique they implemented for these headphones. No complaints in the call
quality though. I wish they could come up with a software fix for this. This
could a point of contention for many customers on whom Bose could be losing out
on.Overall: Great quality headphones for a premium price, with a few tiny
wrinkles that are yet to be ironed out.
    1* rating for appario retail. They took more than a week to ship. And then
They sent me used earphones. Please buy from the market.But real review for the
earbuds.4stars for sound quality, build quality, strong connection. Deducted 1*
for lesser Comfort for longhearing sessions. Ears start to pain. And one more
bad part is that call is heard only in one ear. Sweat resistance is good. They
don't fall off, another good thing. Bose is a great brand. But it's price should
be 14000₹ maximum. airpods have more comfort but music isn't as good as Bose.
    Good when they connect, sounds better than my AirPods #2
    Just what I wanted and more as it’s PURPLE! Amazing sound quality, fits &
holds perfectly in my ear. Now I can actually exercise and run without worrying
about them falling out!
    These headphones are my favourite I’ve ever used, these put Airpods to shame
I haven’t touched my airpods since I got these definitely 10/10
    Bought these for my son-in-laws 40th birthday he was very pleased with them
    Quite large
    The only thing I dislike about this item is they are bigger than I
expected,my ears do start to hurt if wearing them for to long.
    fabulous product would defiantly recommend
    Mi comentario va dirigido para personas deportistas que necesitan un
auricular de calidad y pueda usarse en la vida diaria fuera de gimnasio también,
seré detallado en los aspectos de estos Bose, incluyendo sus cosas buenas y
malas.Buenas:Se queda perfectamente estable en tu oído sin necesidad de estarlo
acomodando, son grandes, eso sí pero no perjudica en absoluto tu
movilidad.Sonido: Simplemente MEGA WOW probablemente el mejor auricular
Bluetooth que he probado al día de hoy, bajos fuertes, pero no opacan en
absoluto los mids y highs tan definidos que tienen estos audífonos.Estuche
extremadamente portátil, se carga en 2 hrs y a mi uso frecuente me ha durado la
batería para cargar 2 veces y media los audífonos a lo largo del día agotando la
batería de estos en un uso arduo.Para las llamadas se enfoca perfectamente en tu
voz y deja fuera los ruidos externos.COSAS MALAS:Sí, tienen un lag importante de
aprox. .5 o 1 segundo para videos y multimedia, a mi realmente no me afecta
porque consumo muy pocos videos y películas y uso otro tipo de audífonos para
estos casos, pero para música, son mis preferidos, me atrevo a decir que son
mejor que los power beats que acaban de salir.Después de un uso de 2 hrs empecé
a sentir cierta molestia en mi oído pero nada grave como para no usarlos.En
definitiva, si buscas un audífono que suene increíble, sea portátil, vistoso y
lo uses para tu música, entrenamientos, uno que otro video, estos son para ti.
    Pro:*Ottimo Audio per la Musica*Stabili; ideali per l'attività
sportiva.*Buon Rapporto qualità Prezzo (a 160€)*Funzione Ritrova Auricolari
tramite AppContro:*Non hanno un buon Isolamento Acustico*L'auricolare sinistro
tende a Disconettersi ogni Tanto*Design da rivedere viste le dimensioni degli
auricolari.Bluetooth 4.2 senza aptxVoto:8
    So first of all, I got the parcel with almost 5 days delay, so a bit
disappointed with it.Now coming to product, it is a good product. I wanted to
have the Bose product since 2009 when I heard it on my friend.+ve1. I am using
it with iPhone 7 Plus. With the Bose connect plus app, it connects in no time.2.
I have also connected it with my Mac book and it connects directly without any
app.3. Sound is excellent. The beauty is, it captures each and every sound.4.
Call and mic is good, even with distance mic, it captures voice well.5. Stylish
look.6. Most of the people complaint that there is an audio lag while watching
video say for 1 second. I also experienced this but after the software version
update, this problem is resolved now.-Ve1. In voice call, audio is just from
right one and not from left one.2. Sometimes left bud drops connectivity.3. I
have to carry case everywhere which is not much handy.
    Updated Review....This is the second bluetooth set I owned. I have the Jabra
Elite and here's my review:1) This is huge. The charger storage box is big also.
Everything is big. Jabra won this one (although Jabra has a slipperycase), Jabra
is a lot smaller in your ear.  This Bose protrudes out.2) You need to install an
app to sync. Yes..another app. Can't just add a blue tooth device. I prefer
Jabra for this one.3) Volume for calls - not so loud. I prefer this. As my Jabra
was super loud. Going for a walk with Jabra, people complained about the wind.
This is normal volume.4) Voice Call - voice comes from 1 ear. What??? yeah..
serious.5) There is a bit of a lag when watching music, same as my Jabra. It's
on and off, so it will be annoying.6) Sound on Music for work outs is great.
Jabra is a bit less quality on music.7) Update:  I returned this - Bose
headphones due to size kept falling out of my ear in the gym and just normal
walking. It's weight distribution just makes it too heavy.Would I buy it again?
For sure no.  I would buy the Jabra again though.  So I'd prefer the Jabra if
you talk alot. For music, I'd prefer this one but the hassle of it falling out
is not worth owning.  I've never had the Jabra fall out before.I hope this helps
your decision for this product. Good luck!
    For the price of the product , you would expect the one thing which would
not be compromised is sound. But unfortunately the sound is muffled with too
high a bass and too low a treble. Not to mention the fit which sticks out of
your ear in a wierd way.So why did I not return the product ? Well apparently
you can't because Amazon has only a replacement policy on this . And why didn't
I see that then ? Well I have been shopping online on Amazon since 2009 well
before it came to India and 90% of the things are returnable because that's the
whole thing about online you can't know till you try it and it happens. Of
hundreds of orders placed o would have returned 10-15 in 10 years.Now suddenly
if a 10-return changes to 10-day replacement in the exact same place with a
same/similar icon there is very little chance I can spot the difference. When I
insisted on a return I got a smug reply which said they did not take remorse
return.So save yourself the remorse on either product or provider and choose
wisely .
    Me gustaría dar una reseña honesta.Primero son audifonos caros pero tiene
sentido el precio, si los consigues con oferta ya vale más la pena la compraLos
audifonos son grande pero depende la persona, sugiero adaptar las 3 medidas de
cabezas para más comodidad, al principio es raro por el agarre del oído pero
moldeando un poco las entradas mejora mucho y al tener el auricular un poco
afuera del conducto del oído no molesta el volumenEl famoso error que salen en
los videos de YouTube sobre la falta de sincronización, es Real,  con la
programación de fábrica pero... la actualización que ya está en Julio 2019,  el
problema esta 100% corregidoLos botones físicos, agradan para los que desean
tener y la forma de usarlos es bajar y subir volumen, la tecla de en medio 1
click pausa o inicia la canción, 2 clicks adelanta la pista, 3 clicks regresa la
pistaEfectivamente solo se escucha un auricular cuando recibes llamadas,
esperemos corrijan eso en actualizaciones nuevas, pero se escucha bien la
llamadaEl sonido es muy bueno con los bajos, no hay forma de costumizar el
sonido, pero yo uso la app Poweramp para escuchar la música y la verdad deja
hacer todos los ajustes que quieras,. No viene de fábrica pero unos Pesos más y
le sacas el provecho que otras marcas tienen.Espero le ayude a decidirse
    Da ich Blind bin und mein Smartphone sowie mein Tablet und alles andere mit
mir Spricht Verwende ich sehr oft Kopfhörer, ich besitze Kopfhörer in den
Verschiedensten ausführungen. Da mir diese Kopfhörer Eigentlich zu teuer sind
habe ich lange darüber Nachgedacht und ich bin Begeistert. Der Klang ist mega
gut der Sitz der Kopfhörer ist Sensatzionell sie Sitzen fest an Ort und stelle
egal ob man Schwitzt egal wie stark man sich bewegt. Sie sind TOP zum Musik und
Hörbuch Hören, man kann auch Telefonieren aber das ist nicht Unbedingt das beste
Gerät dafür ich kann zwar jeden gut Verstehen aber ich werde nicht immer gut
Verstanden und es wird von irgendeinem Nebengeräusch berichtet es wird ein
unerklärliches plätschern oder kluckern wahr genommen. Das ist aber kein Problem
für mich da ich diese Kopfhörer zum Musik hören und Hörbuch Hören und zum
Bedienen meiner Geräte benötige.Eine akku Ladung hält bei mir etwa 6 Stunden
wobei die Lautstärke eine Massive Rolle spielt. Der Akku der Box hhält etwa 2
bis 3 Ladungen durch.Fazit volle Kaufempfehlung für alle die ihre Kopfhörer
Regelmäßig benutzen und großen wert auf guten sitz und guten Klang legen.Ich
würde mir diese Kopfhörerer jederzeit wieder Kaufen und denke Akttuell darüber
nach mir ein zweites Paar zu Kaufen.
    Despues de haberlos usado bastante tengo que decir que dejan mucho que
desear, en cuanto al sonido no hay ninguna pega, en cuanto a todo lo demas, si
:Bateria: no dura lo que anuncia boseApp bose connect: falla, le faltan opciones
y cada vez que la abro me pide los datos de inicio ( email y contraseña ) igual
para escuchar solo una cancion ... acabo harto y termino guardandolos en la
funda.Funda : he de aclarar que solo cargo los cascos cuando estan descargados
del todo. Pues bien, la carga de la funda algunas veces dura mas que otras con
el mismo uso, incluso a veces se descarga sin usarla ( como suena )Estoy
empezando a estar verdaderamente cansado de tantos errores ( cargas de bateria
anomalas, desconexiones Repentinas  del iphone sin motivo aparente, aplicacion
para el movil de los años 90 ... )Creo que en un producto de esta marca y con
este precio no es solo inaceptable, lo considero un engaño .Adjunto video del
fallo de conexionEn ese momento los cascos tenian un 60% de bateria, se
desconectaron y los tuve que dejar por no poder conectarlos de nuevo.Los
devolvere y comprare unos de 70€ De otra marca que segun parece fallan menos y
cuestan la mitad
    I have been using Bose products for the last 10 years now. This one also
meets all expectations.Great product. Love the Bose sound. The sporty design and
color looks great. Value for money at 15000 during the Bose day sale.Pros1.
Probably best sound quality.2. Great battery.3. Sweat resistant.4. Great grip.
They never fall out during jogging or any workout.Cons.1. Only if they could
shrink the charging case a bit and made it more portable.2. If they had an auto
pause feature when you remove an earbud or tap/touch controls instead of press
buttons.
    Ich trage sie in der Arbeit un den Lärm um mich herum zu unterdrücken und
auch im Fitnessstudio. Sie halten sehr gut und auch nach mehreren Stunden werden
sie nicht unangenehm im Ohr. Der Klang ist großartig und wenn man sie einmal in
der Handyapp gespeichert hat, muss man diese nie wieder öffnen und sie verbinden
sich sofort wenn man sie auf dem Behälter nimmt. Einziges kleines Manko, wenn
man nur mit einem hören will, muss man den rechten nehmen. Wenn man den linken
tragen will und den rechten in den Behälter wird die Verbindung getrennt. Also
entweder immer rechts oder den rechten ausserhalb hinlegen.
    Getestet mit: iPhone 7, iOS 12.1.2Sound: 10/10Tragekomfort: 5/10Verbindung:
10/10Bedienung: 5/10Die Soundsport Free sehen Bose-typisch edel und hochwertig
aus und fühlen sich auch so an, einschließlich dem Case. Sie sind kinderleicht
mit der Bose Connect zu koppeln und verbinden sich anschließend zuverlässig und
schnell mit dem Handy, sobald sie aus dem Case entnommen werden. Bisher konnte
ich auch weder drinnen noch draußen die oft bemängelten Verbindungssabbrüche des
linken Hörers feststellen. Etwas ernüchternd war allerdings folgende Situation:
Ist der Akku des Case leer, nehmen die Hörer dieses nicht mehr wahr und müssen
manuell verbunden und auch wieder getrennt werden. Da sie auch keinen
Ausschalter besitzen, ist die Aktivierung des Standby-Timers zu empfehlen.Für
einen bombensicheren Sitz sorgen die wechselbaren StayHear+ Aufsätze in drei
verschiedenen Größen. Diese lassen sich ohne nennenswerten Aufwand austauschen,
um die Passform schnell auf die eigenen Ohrmuscheln anzupassen. Nach längerem
Tragen können sie sich jedoch durchaus etwas unangenehm drückend anfühlen.Beim
Musik hören begeistern die Hörer mit einem ebenfalls Bose-typischen Klangbild,
die Bässe sind angenehm kräftig, ohne dabei den Detailreichtum bei Höhen und
Mitten einzuschränken. Hierbei gibt es wirklich nichts zu meckern.Was wiederum
etwas sauer aufstößt, ist dass die eigentlich verdammt schicken Hörer relativ
weit aus den Ohren herausstehen, was gerade bei kleineren Ohren wirklich albern
aussieht. Hier muss man sich schon fragen, warum das Design so klobig ausfallen
musste, gerade wenn man sich die Konkurrenz von Apple dazu ansieht.Vermutlich
trägt auch die Entscheidung, alle gewohnten Tasten beizubehalten, zu diesem
Problem bei. Trotz der eigentlich lobenswerten Idee, die Bedienung auf diese
Weise komfortabler zu gestalten und ihrer intuitiven Positionierung, sind diese
nämlich ein ziemlicher Reinfall. Der nötige Druck zum betätigen ist nämlich so
hoch, dass es letztendlich einfacher ist, die Befehle doch lieber direkt am
Handy zu tätigen.Fazit: Wer Kopfhörer für satten Sound bei sportlichen
Aktivitäten sucht oder einfach größere Ohren hat, kann über die Nachteile
eventuell hinwegsehen und profitiert davon, dass Schweiß und Wetter den Hörern
nichts anhaben kann. Für mich sind die alberne Optik beim Tragen und
misslungenen Tasten jedoch leider zu abschreckend, um sie zu behalten. Auch im
Hinblick auf die UVP des Herstellers reicht so nur für drei Sterne.
    I've always been a fan of Bose but was reluctant to purchase these puppies
for $249. During Prime days the went on sale and took the plunge and I will say
this.....Love them!!!Other buys complain about disconnection issues, popping
out, bad sound and so on...Well I haven't had ANY issues so far and am very
happy with the way they sound, feel and work.I have so far the Bose Quiet
Comfort 35 Series 2, Bose Revolve, and Bose wired earbuds and I'm happy to add
these Free Soundsport to my Bose family! I was skeptical cause you question the
price, but the quality and sound are well worth it.Then again....you always pay
top $$ for Bose...but for me personally...I LOVE EM.......
    Los recibi ayer y ya llevo usandolos unas 6 horas.Nada mas sacarlos del
estuche se conectaron a la primera en el iPhone de mi hija,despues en un reloj
watch active Samsung sin problemas y por ultimo a un lg g7.Conectividad un
10.Sonido:graves contundentes,agudos limpios y sin chirridos sonido sin
reververacion a cualquier volumen un 10.Si los quieres para musica como yo
compralos si los quieres para escuchar peliculas ,videos youtube etc no los
compres...tienen una latencia de 1 segundo. incomprensible en unos audífonos de
esta marca
    Also für mich ist der Kopfhörer vom Klang super, er hält auch erstaunlich
gut, denn da hatte ich erst die Befürchtung der fällt raus oder so aber ich hab
auch schon feste den Kopf geschüttelt (vorsicht ist nicht zu empfehlen xD) und
er ging einfach nicht raus bzw. Beide. Geiles Design hat man dazu auch noch und
eine Ladeschale. Es gibt einen einzigen Minuspunkt den ich absolut nicht
verstehen kann. Wenn man die Kopfhörer nebenhin legt und nicht in das Case zum
Laden, dann kann man Sie nicht ausschalten sondern nur auf Standby und
irgendwann sind sie leer. Das Aufladen kostet nicht viel Strom und daher ist das
nicht so schlimm aber ich verstehe dennoch nicht wieso man von Bose keine
Funktion drin hat wo man die komplett ausmachen kann, find ich ziemlicher
Schwachsinn. Hat da jemand noch einen Tipp oder weiß ob das im Case anders ist
oder ob das Case dann leergesaugt wird?Diese Kopfhörer sind reine Kopfhörer und
haben kein Micro das möchte ich mal noch sagen, denn ich war erst der Meinung
Sie hätten eins und hab die mir eigentlich zum Telefonieren gekauft. Allerdings
hat mich der Klang und das Design so überzeugt das ich Sie nicht zurück
geschickt habe, ich finde die Dinger dennoch klasse und habe mir zum Telen ein
günstiges Pioneer Headset für 30-40 Euro noch gekauft das ist dafür klasse aber
da merkt man auf jeden Fall im Klang zu dem Bose einen deutlichen Unterschied,
gut wäre auch traurig bei der Preisdifferenz.
    Auf der Suche nach guten Bluetooth InEar-Kopfhörer, bin ich (neben  den
"Samsung Buds") auch auf die "Bose SoundSport free" gestoßen. Überzeugen konnten
sie mich am Ende aber leider auch nicht!In Sachen Tonqualität sind sie zwar
nicht schlecht  - von Bose bin ich allerdings besseres gewohnt. Die Musik hört
sich für mich etwas blechern an.Der Sitz in (bzw. an) den Ohren war für mich
auch nicht so das gelbe vom Ei. Sicher, sie halten, wenn man sie etwas
reinfummelt. Da diese InEar-Kopfhörer aber doch etwas groß sind und ziemlich
weit aus den Ohren abstehen, hat man immer das Gefühl, sie würden jeden Moment
rausfallen. Auch schmerzen die Ohren beim tragen - bei mir jedenfalls.Der dritte
Punkt, der mir nicht gefiel, war der, dass sie nicht kompatibel mit Windows 10
sind. Das habe ich aber erst nach der Bestellung irgendwo im Internet
gelesen.Das war dann in der Summe, für mich etwas zuviel, so dass ich sie
umgehend wieder zurück geschickt habe. Nach meinem persönlichen Eindruck, würde
ich hier 2 bis 3 Sterne vergeben - eher 2.  Diese Rezension ist jedoch nur meine
persönliche Meinung - nach meiner gemachten Erfahrung.
    They have great sound and being able to have more control over the volume is
a dream as I have severe hearing problems but the Bluetooth connection is the
worst I have ever experienced. There is a delay while watching videos on Amazon
prime and on Netflix and the connection simply cuts in and out sporadically. I
spoke with BOSE about my problems and they couldn't have been bothered. It's
like they believe because they have popular products that they don't need to
help their customers after they've suckered them into buying their garbage. They
even tried to tell me that for proper function I shouldn't use my apps and turn
off all background operations. So essentially, the, said I can't really use my
phone while using them which is BS. I even tested them with other phones such as
iPhones and Samsungs with the same problems. Until they improbe these problems I
wouldn't recommend them to anyone. I wouldn't pay more than 20 euro for such
poor quality.
    ***UPDATED LESS THAN 3 MONTHS AFTER PURCHASEThere's no question about it
that these have the best audio quality I've ever experienced with sporty
headphones.My only complaint is that I always feel like they're on the verge of
falling out of my ears, although they haven't after about 3 jogs but I'm
somewhat worried when jogging. It's not fun having something to worry about
(headphones falling out) when you do something (jogging) to not worry about
things.UPDATE: It turns out that I am now (less than 3 months after purchase)
experiencing an issue that was expressed by other reviews, which I should have
trusted in the first place. I am, like many others, also experiencing no audio
on the left earbud. I followed FAQ troubleshooting, ensuring it was fully
charged, unpairing/re-pairing, multiple devices, etc... no remedy for this
issue. I get no audio in the left earbud way more often than I do. You are
pretty much throwing away 200+$ if you go for this. It's a pity, because the
audio quality is (I mean was) impressive. My return policy expired a month ago,
what a shame.
    Sono rimasto molto deluso da questo acquisto. Ma perché?! Questa è una marca
famosa, buona e costosa quindi dovrebbe essere una bomba mega Galactica in più e
la edizione "limitata" (Ultraviolet)Quindi quale è il problema?1. Be come prima
cosa l'ho pagato  193,83 €, mica poco per un paio di cuffie.2. Come seconda cosa
non si connette al mio PC Dell (inspiron 15, 5000series) comprato in 20183.
D'uopo 10 minuti di utilizzo hai un male alle orecchie, quindi li devi
toglere.4. Guardando un film con il Samsung Tab s2  il sono ritarda qualche
secondo, quindi sono tornato a le cuffie con filo.5. I pulsanti delle cuffie
sono durissime,  secondo me sono fatti di cemento.6. Quando ricevi una chiamata
lo sente solo da una parte cioe in un singolo auricolare ( non e piacevole).Ma
ha qualcosa di positivo?1. Si, è il suono! è imbattibile il suono di queste
cuffie. Ma per 200 euro questi cuffie  dovrebbe essere perfetto.Non lo sono
    These are great! Wireless and just beautifully designed. Sometimes when I
turn around the sound cuts off but I’m nit exactly sure why. Sound quality would
be 5 stars if it wasn’t for that. I keep them in their case and make sure to
charge them before I use them. The charge lasts 20-24hrs. They’re small and
don’t take up much space either in my bag or pockets.
    This is one of the best deal I cracked on Amazon. Everybody know what BOSE
is, and specifically when it comes to Gym lovers , I would say its a Must Have
for any person who is looking for a Great Gadget for Gym as its sturdy and
remain fit inside the ear. No matter if you are running on Trade mil or doing a
Brisk walk on the road. BOSE is known for its Sound quality and this Specific
gadget justifies it.
    I bought these earphones hoping they would replace my old wired ones, which
are slowly wearing down. I was torn between these and Sony headphones. I ended
up buying both, because these ones just weren't as good as I thought they would
be. Sometimes if my phone is in my pocket or backpack, and I turn my head, any
music playing cuts out for a moment, or pieces of the sound are lost. I thought
my hearing was going, until I tried using wireless headphones and realised it
was just this set!I wanted to like them. But this really soured my
experience.After that, I started noticing little things I didn't like. The fit
was strange, feeling both like they were too large to fall out and too small not
to. The rubber felt weirdly itchy, though they may just have latex in them To
which I'm allergic). The buttons were stiff, at times painfully hard to press.
The left ear piece sometimes wouldn't connect properly. Leaving in the case to
only use the right wasn't an option either, as the earpiece would protest if the
other was still in its case. No real noise cancellation to comment on, but as I
mentioned earlier I was having a hard time getting these to fit.One good thing,
however, is the little voice that tells you if the set is connected or not  has
its volume at a decent level. It's still a touch loud for my sensitive ears, and
would love an option in the required app to lower that volume on startup. But at
least it's not ear splitting, like some cheaper brands are.In all, I'd say these
earphones are mediocre. They'll do in a pinch, but they'll never be my first
choice. And in a few months, I'm certain they will be forgotten.
    Ich habe die Buds vor allem als Begleiter beim Sport in Verwendung.
Gegensätzlich zu anderen Berichten habe ich kaum Probleme mit der Bluetooth-
Verbindung. Es kommt zwar zu einzelnen, ca 1 Sekunde andauernden Aussetzern des
linken Hörers, dies aber äußerst selten - und weitaus seltener als bei anderen
Bluetooth-Kopfhörern, die ich bereits in Verwendung hatte. Auch sonst gibt es
nichts zu beklagen, Soundqualität top, Akkuladung hält lang, das Transportcase
ist ebenfalls hochwertig und das Laden funktioniert problemlos. Somit ist der
Preis auch gerechtfertigt, würde den Kauf auf jeden Fall empfehlen!
    Avantages :- Le son est bon, je dirais plutôt correct, mais n'est pas divin
non plus. Pour cette qualité sonore, ce prix est trop élevé. Si vous souhaitez
le meilleur son, allez chez Sennheiser tout simplement.- Légèreté, donc
pratiques pour le sport.Désavantages :- Design moyen. On y gagne des oreilles à
la Shrek. La concurrence fait mieux sur ce point.- Connectique bluetooth
énervante : parfois les écouteurs se déconnectaient automatiquement du
smartphone (le SAV de Bose m'a informé que depuis leur dernière Màj, ils ne
pouvaient pas m'aider pour la connexion et que je devais passer à une nouvelle
version Androïd sur mon Xperia.. ou alors m'envoyer de nouveaux écouteurs
n'ayant pas eu la mise à jour.. incroyable non ?!). De plus, l'écouteur gauche
se déconnecte souvent. Parfois le son ne passait plus pendant une semi seconde
dans les deux écouteurs (quand ça arrive une fois, pas grave...quand ça arrive
régulièrement, c'est chiant ! ). Par ailleurs, lorsque ces écouteurs étaient
connectés à mon pc portable, parfois le son devenait horrible, sans raison. Il
fallait éteindre  les écouteurs et les rallumer.
    These and the beats pro are about the only two real working out options that
you have. however the Bose sound quality is far superior to the Bose. The fit is
ok, i do really like the beats over-ear hook design better for security. Where
these just crush the beats is comfort, the sound is better but the comfort is
insane. If you are going to be wearing these for more then just working out I
would hands down say they are better then anything else I've had so far and I'm
a huge wireless ear bud fan.
    Great sound and great fit. If your jumping around they stay put. Not noise
canceling but I didn’t want noise canceling. They really are quite big tho.
Hubby said “ looks like you got wine corks in your ears”. And I want the left
one to be independent from the right. It’s not. The right one is. So if I want
to wear just the left one, in order to have sound the right one can’t be in the
case. The controls are on the right one too. So skipping songs and volume
control can only be done on the right one. If I’m wearing the left I gotta keep
the right one in my pocket to use those functions. THAT sucks. And the controls
are stiff. Maybe I just have to break them in a bit but yeah they are hard to
push.
    El sonido es maravilloso. Los auriculares son maravillosos. Ninguna queja
hasta hace un mes que, tras año y medio de uso, al auricular izquierdo le empezó
a fallar la batería y ahora solo dura una hora u hora y media a lo máximo. Al
cabo de ese tiempo se desconecta haciendo un ruido rarísimo. El servicio de
atención al cliente de Bose está subcontratado a una empresa que da mala gana
hablar con ellos.
    These are amazing for exercise/the gym/hiking.  They stay in my ears well,
they sync quickly.  The sound is great.  They dampen the noise, but are not
noise cancelling, which I prefer when I’m running.  The battery life on the bud
is 4-5 hours.  Which is great for short flights and long periods exercise.  If I
do a descent workout 1.5-2 hours, I only have to charge the case and bud in the
wall every 5 - 7 days.  The sound on videos has a slight delay, but I’ve read
that is fixable, it doesn’t bother me that much.  The case is incredibly handy,
I don’t misplace them or damage the buds.  The ear piece stays in place well,
I’ve found some other brands fall out.  I’d highly recommend.
    I am so disappointed by these headphones. I have never had a Bose product
that performs so poorly! Bose products are usually very good quality and
performance. The headphones themselves are great quality and the portable
charger is very nice, but I'd say a little too large. My music sounds great and
they connect so easily and the sound doesn't cut out or anything. The Bluetooth
connection is very dependable. The headphones are kind of magnetic to their
charging case so they very securely fit inside and there's no chance of them
getting loose and not charging. The battery life is definitely great and the
charging case adds a lot of time. It's vital you wear the right size buds for
your ears or else they will fall out. If you have the right size they are secure
and hard to just pull off. For calls they only go through the right earbud which
is okay and people seem to be able to hear what I say. It's good for calls I
guess.The problem is that these headphones are bit uncomfortable and they are
too quiet. I've used all three ear buds for at least one hour each and I find
the medium ones are the least uncomfortable. I know these headphones aren't
noise cancelling, but I expected them to at least keep up with a noisy cafe or
walking on the street with a lot of traffic. I can barely hear my music over the
sounds of traffic or the noise sitting on the bus! Even my Jabra headphones can
compete with that noise level whereas these headphones are struggling. I guess
these headphones are only good for use indoors in quieter places like the gym or
anywhere not playing music. I've put them at the highest sound settings on my
phone and different music apps yet it's so bad how the headphones can't compete
with external noise. I also really don't think these headphones are broken. It's
just probably the way the earbuds are designed so that it can't block any sort
of external noise.The other problem I have with the headphones are that the
buttons on the right don't work at all. I've read all the instructions and help
on the app but it just doesn't work with either my phone's apps or the Spotify
app. The volume buttons don't work or pause/play button.Overall I guess they're
good headphones for the gym but definitely not worth the price of usual Bose
products. I'm just glad I got them on Prime Day so I got a good discount. I give
them 2 stars because at least the headphones are really nice quality , great
battery life, and they have the best connection of wireless headphones I've ever
had. However being able to hear your music over typically noisy environments
(like cafes) is vitally important in a good product.
    Die Kopfhörer verbinden sich sofort automatisch mit dem Handy, wenn man sie
aus der Box nimmt.Was man dann hört ist einfach beeindruckend für die kleinen
Teile. Super Sound um beim Sport von der Musik nach vorne gedrückt zu
werden.Auch bei 5 Stunden Rad fahren werden die Kopfhörer nicht unangenehm im
Ohr. (Kurze Ladepause inklusive)Mein erstes Modell hatte die hier oft
beschriebenen Empfangsausetzer, das zweite Gerät ging nach einigen Monaten
kaputt. Da Amazon jeweils sofort ohne Probleme gegen neue getauscht hat ist das
zwar nervig aber keinen Stern Abzug wert.Ich würde sie sofort wieder
kaufen!Edit, mittlerweile bin ich bei den 5. Kopfhörern. Die Dinger geben immer
schneller den Geist auf. Die letzten hielten 6 Wochen und machen nun keinen
Mucks mehr. Sport mit viel Schweiß ist wohl zu viel für die Dinger. Daher keine
5 Sterne mehr sondern drei.
    I’m a bose fanboy.  The over the ear qc35 mark II is a great product.  I’ve
often told people their wired ear buds are the most comfortable ear buds ever.
I wore a pair the other day for the first time in years and was still surprised
at how good they sound and how comfortable they were. That said these wireless
earbuds are probably the worse bose product to date.  The sound cuts out
multiple times an hour to the point that they are kinda jarring.  The video lag
issue is definitely not resolved with the latest firmware.  It’s most pronounced
for YouTube for some reason. Netflix, Plex, amazon prime and other streaming
services aren’t that bad but you can still see it.  It’s also pretty bad when
paired with a Comcast xi6 (a cable set top box).Music sounds great. But not the
greatest.They stick out significantly from the ear to the point that taking off
or putting on shirts is an issue.  Normally it wouldn’t matter if a shirt pulled
out an earbud but since it’s “truly wireless” they just fall on to the ground.
The comfort level is questionable.  I normally wear a small size Silicon ear bud
but I ran with them once and it felt like they were going to fall out.  I went
up a size and my ears felt sore after wearing them for hours.They pair easy
enough but unlike the qc35s they only pair to one device at a time.  I use a lot
of Apple products and switching between audio devices is a breeze with their
branded devices.  Bose on the other hand is incredibly annoying.  I had to
constantly manage it in my settings.  I kept having to “forget” a device just so
it can be connected to another one.  I finally just gave up on it and just
decided to only use it on my phone.  Once I did that the pairing was fine.
Worked great whenever I took out of the charging case.  I didn’t have to
micromanage connections with the qc35The case is huge.  Doesn’t fit comfortably
in pockets so I can’t carry it with me when I go for walks. It’s bit a deal
breaker since i just go out without a case sometimes but where am I supposed to
put them if I wanted to put them away.  So I just keep them in my ear but
eventually that’ll just make me look like one of those  douche bag when
Bluetooth headphone first came out.  Also voice quality for calls sucked and it
only worked in one ear.  I knew that going in and didn’t think it’d be a problem
but it is.  It’s a huge problem after being able to hear a caller out of both
years for years.  Ridiculous that’s bose’s calling solution is to implement late
2000 tech. I have a pair of beats x I got for free when I purchased and iPad.  I
believed that beats were over priced crap till I used these headphones.
Nevertheless was looking forward to the upgrade but I can’t consider these
earbuds and upgrade, Nor would I recommend the bose earbuds at all.  I purchased
them for $80 off the regular price during prime day and I still think they’re
not worth it.
    When it comes to Bose, there is no one better. These ear pods are d best. I
researched about apple earpods 2, se heist and Bose. These comes out on
topPros1) fits snuggly. Doesn’t come off. Even while doing aerobics2) base is
too good.3) enough battery life to last through a long workout or even movies4)
easy to carryCons1) not good enough noise cancellation. Could have been betterI
didn’t find any another negative pointIf u are about to buy truly witless, go
for this. Though it’s 4-5 k costly than d other products, it’s worth every
penny.
    I normally don’t write reviews for products I buy, but I thought I’d make an
exception for this as I found a lot of mixed reviews when purchasing these. I
bought these on sale during Black Friday, so I did not pay full price for these.
My first impression with them was poor, but as I used them more and more that
impression went up greatly.In terms of sound these are very good, a little too
much bass for the music I listen too but I know that’s exactly what others look
for. The sound is very clear, I have a lot of play with the volume settings.
Other wireless earbuds I’ve always had to adjust them very high or very low,
these are right in the middle.The fit is really good, it took me a bit to figure
it out but once I did I had no issues. My first mistake was using the wrong size
tips, they come with the medium sized tips attached and they were too big for my
ears and kept popping out when I walked. With the small ones attached, they feel
a lot more secure. I wore these at airports while I was walking from gates to
gates, to get to my connecting flights, and I never felt like they were going to
fall off. I don’t exercise so I can’t tell you how they would perform there.The
battery life has been great, I haven’t had them die on me yet. The case charges
the earbuds when not in use, so anytime I want to listen to music the earbuds
are already charged for me. I’ve only have had to charge the case twice so
far.Now for the problems, the main issue I have is when I hook these up to my
computer and play video, the audio and video are out of sync. This is not an
issue on my phone. The battery case is a little bulky, I don’t know if it’s the
shape of the battery case or the weight of it, but it constantly shifts in my
pockets and doesn’t feel right. This is not an issue if you don’t keep the case
in your pockets. The buttons on the earbuds are very hard to use, it’s almost
always easier to use the phone to adjust for volume.In terms of connectivity, I
have not experienced any issues mentioned in some of the other reviews I have
read. Sometimes one earbud will connect first, and sometimes the left doesn’t
connect until you push the button. This is very easy to do, and have never felt
bothered by this. I have never had the earbuds disconnect while I was listening
to them, I don’t know if this is rare or just uncommon. At home I have gone into
different rooms with the earbuds on and my phone in another room and they have
stayed connected.
    I used to have the sport wired bose earphones which I LOVED and wanted to
move onto the wireless. Got these has it was same earphone design. My ears are
small and I have a hard time finding earphones that don't fall out. These are
pretty good. Doesn't cancel out the noise around you as great as other brands
but it does the job. When I'm running I find the earphones start to slip out as
they are a bit heavy so I have to constantly put them back. If bose made them
with a slightly smaller and lighter body they would be perfect.
    This product is okay but way too pricey for the quality. I bought it for my
husband. Firstly, the pairing of these earphones is very difficult where it
works sometimes and other times it won’t. Secondly, during calls only one
earphone works and not the other. That is a big downfall of the product.
Thirdly, they bulge out of the ears and do not look very nice. Fourthly, it
starts to hurt the ears after a while.The sound quality is good but there are
way many cons including how expensive the product is
    Right out the box, these buds sound amazing, obviously, it's Bose. The
comfortably, as well as the "grip" the buds have inside my ear is phenomenal!
I've used them while playing my guitar along with song, and I tried my hardest
to try and get them to fall out of my ears. I was headbanging, wipping my hair
in circles for 10 minutes. I did this 45 minutes ago, and still haven't touched
fhe buds to adjust in my ears. This feature alone has me sold as a musician
looking for durability while practicing playing while moving around. Will update
if anything changes 🤘🏻
    The sound out of these headphones are amazing but I wouldn't consider these
as sport since these don't really stay in your ears if you're moving around too
fast. Couple of jumping jacks or fast movements and these pieces go flying off
your ears. The aesthetics are also not that great, since it sticks pretty far
out of your ear, not really that sleek or flush like the other devices in the
market for lesser price. These are good for casual walks and the sound quality
is great ... Maybe a relabel these as casual headphones not sport.
    Hi,I am writing this after 1 month of use.I purchased it due to a reputed
brand and that to BOSE at a discounted price 13,600/-.battery life is not good
if you are using at max volume. Battery lasts only nearly 2 Hrs.sometimes left
earbud is getting silent .bluetooth connectivity is awesome.sound quality is
great as compared to other bose products.case is sturdy.battery level indicator
also good.but due to bigger size of case, not able to carry in pocket
always.purchase it if u r a bose lover.bluetooth connectivity is superb.
    I love these! I have had a set of SoundSport Bluetooth earbuds (with the
wire connecting the two) for a couple years and I love them. Saw these on sale
good for Prime Day so I had to get them. Was not expecting any difference in
sound quality from my other pair but these are so much better!! Better bass,
richer fuller sound.They fit the same and feel the same in that regard so I am
used to how they feel - that’s not an issue. They do not fall out while
running.My only complaint is the only way to check the battery life is to put
them into the case and take them out, or log onto the Bose App. I wish you could
just press the button for it toSay how much is left.
    OMG, sound is out of this world, totally in love with these.  Can't say
enough about the sound quality, crisp, clear, and the bass, just right.  I work
out and can now get lost in my music.  Price was super at $169.99 on Amazon
Prime Day.  I waited a long time for the price to drop.  I would still pay
$249.99. These ear buds are so worth it.  You can't compare to any other
wireless.  Bose is above every competitor-will be purchasing the wireless
speaker knowing now how this product is great.  Very happy. Thank you Bose!! 😘
    Très bien pour le gym. Le caoutchouc me faisait mal aux oreilles au départ,
mais à la longue on s'habitue et ne sent plus rien. Certains trouvent qu'ils
sont pesants, mais je ne trouve pas qu'ils le sont. Je n'aurais pas de problème
à les utiliser pour courir. Le produit n'est vraiment pas l'idéal pour dormir,
sauf si on dort sur le dos et qu'on ne bouge pas dans notre sommeil. Sinon on se
réveille en cherchant. Au moins les écouteurs ont une fonctionnalité appelée
"Find my earbuds", qui permettent de les trouver avec du son qui a un volume
impressionnant. J'aurais aimé une meilleure insonorisation, je dois monter le
volume pour enterrer les bruits ambiants. Le son est très bon : clair, vaste et
riche. Ils ont de la bonne basse. Je trouve que l'étuit aurait dû être plus gros
pour avoir une plus grosse pile et une plus longue durée de chargement, mais ça
ne tiendrait pas aussi bien dans la poche.J'aurais aimé que la voix des
écouteurs soit dans les deux oreillettes au lieu d'uniquement la droite. Mais je
crois que c'est uniquement à cause du fait que le droit est le récepteur et
émetteur pour le gauche, ce qui fait que le gauche est seulement l'extension
Bluetooth du droit.En parlant de cela, la distance entre gauche et le droit doit
être petite, sinon le son coupe dans le gauche : ce n'est pas pour partager avec
quelqu'un d'autre.En général, tous les mauvais côtés considérés, je crois qu'ils
en valent la peine pour la liberté qu'ils donnent, leur son superbe et le
sentiment de durabilité du boîtier de chargement et des écouteurs.
    A pesar de haber leído que tenían problemas de conexión decidí comprarlos
para ver qué tal funcionaban, en lo personal no me han presentado falla alguna o
desconexión, el sonido es muy bueno, los bajos resultan muy agradables para unos
auriculares que son para ejercitarse. Puede que no sean muy estéticos cuando los
traes puestos pero eso ya depende de los gustos de cada quien, las gomas se
ajustan bastante bien y no sientes que se puedan caer. Es un producto
recomendable.
    Top Kopfhörer mit klasse Soundqualität. Ich bin super zufrieden bisher. Sie
halten bei mir gut im Ohr und fallen nicht raus. Zu beachten ist, dass der Ton
beim Telefonieren und leider auch bei Nutzung von bspw. Discord nur rechts zu
hören ist, aber mich stört das nicht. Ich habe sie vorwiegend für mein
Lauftraining gekauft und dafür sind sie perfekt. Die Akkulaufzeit könnte
allerdings etwas länger sein. Aber auch das ist verkraftbar, da die schnell
wieder aufgeladen sind. Ich kann die Kopfhörer empfehlen.
    Buen sonido para ser Bluetooth y solo tiene un poco de retardo si lo
utilizas para vídeos (YouTube, por ejemplo).La calidad de materiales lo podéis
ver ne las fotos, muy malos. Se ha desintegrado la goma y eso que los utilizo
más para para pasear que otra cosa.He contactado con la pag oficial para España
y ni caso, ni siquiera contestan.No los compraría de nuevo.
    I am SUPER picky with headphones, and although I've had a good track record
with Bose, I was nervous for these because these were my very first wireless
earbuds. Thankfully, these are awesome. They stay in your ear comfortably, and
they sound excellent. The bass response is very serious, and the trebles, though
prominent, are very smooth. I actually prefer these over my over-the-ear Boses,
and the battery life is so long that I never have to worry about draining the
battery life. However, the controls on the earbuds feel stiff, and compared to
Apple's Airpods, are quite lame. But they function as they should (most of the
time), which is fine.
    Not what I was expecting from Bose with these. There is a very large delay
in audio for me what is actually happening. It is no good for watching a video
or playing a game that needs a good response time for audio. However, they stay
in the ear very well and are great for just listening to music and doing
physical activity, and the water resistance is great for such. But that is
literally all they are good for. Even in a phone call, only one bud stays active
which is really annoying if there's some background noise on your right side
while using them in a call. Overall, I feel reluctant to even give a 3 star
rating as there is no noice canceling either but the sound quality is really
good, as expected for m Bose.
    Zunächst einmal möchte ich anmerken, dass es für mich einfach unverständlich
ist, dass einige Rezensenten eine ein Stern Bewertung für dieses Gerät abgeben,
nur weil Bild und Ton beim Video schauen nicht synchron laufen. Es sind
Sportkopfhörer, welche als solche beworben werden. Euro 170,00 für Kopfhörer
sind kein Grund die Eierlegendewollmilchsau zu erwarten. Sondern man muss schon
schauen, was man mit dem Kopfhörer machen möchte und sich ein wenig einlesen,
dann klappt das auch mit den richtigen Kopfhörern. :-)Nun zu meiner
Rezension:Ich suchte Kopfhörer zum Laufen und für Kräftigungsübungen daheim, am
Besten welche ganz ohne Kabel, da mich so ein Nackenkabel wie bei den HBUDS die
ich vorher verwendet habe, doch recht stark genervt hat. Abgesehen davon wollte
ich nun echt mal richtig guten Sound auf die Ohren beim Sport, um einen weiteren
Anreiz zu haben, mich auf den Sport zu freuen und den inneren Schweinehund zu
überwinden. Schließlich haben die HBUDS einen sehr basslastigen und dumpfen
Sound, der mich auf Dauer dann doch eher genervt als erfreut hat.Von der
Konnektivität und vom Sitz in den Ohren her war ich jedoch von den HBUDS sehr
angetan . Verbindung war stets schnell hergestellt und darauf wollte ich
selbstverständlich bein neuen Kopfhörern nicht verzichten.Ich fasse
zusammen:Wichtig waren:-Sound-Passform / Halt-Konnektivität-
VerbindungsstabilitätDiese 4 Punkte machen 90% meiner Bewertung aus (30% Sound
und je 20% für die anderen Punkte), die restlichen 10% vergebe ich auf
Akkulaufzeit, Handling und ähnliches.Sound:Ich bin nicht audiophil! Guter Sound
ist für mich, wenn ich sehr differenziert jedes Instrument heraushören kann, die
eingebauten Effekte deutlich zu hören sind und weder Bass, noch Mitten und Höhen
dominieren.Und so ist bei diesen Kopfhörern - für mich ein wirklicher Genuss.
Ich habe mir einige Arten von Musik ausgiebig in der Testphase angehört. Es gibt
für mich nichts zu meckern. Ob Klassik, NuMetal, Pop oder Elektro - für mich
klingt alles klar und ich höre Effekte heraus, die ich vorher bei diesen Songs
noch nie gehört habe. Großartig!Passform / Halt: Am Anfang war ich da wirklich
frustriert. Ich habe sehr kleine Ohren und haben deswegen die kleinsten
Ohreinsätze gewählt. Beim Laufen hatte ich ständig das Gefühl, dass sich der
rechte Hörer löst und musste stets an den Hörer fassen um sicherzustellen, dass
er nicht rausrutscht. Das hat sehr genervt, zumal ich in vielen Rezensionen
gelesen habe, wie toll die Hörer halten.Ich bin bei den Ohreinsätzen dann zu
einer Nummer größer gewechselt - und siehe da - einmal reingedreht und die Hörer
sitzen wie angeschweißt. Leicht spürbar, aber nicht unangenehm - seitdem habe
ich ein sicheres Gefühl beim Laufen.Konnektivität:Das erstmalige Einrichten über
die Connect App - naja, etwas frickelig - war dann aber nach 3 - 4 Minuten auch
erledigt.Seitdem ist die Verbindung schon hergestellt, bevor ich beide Hörer aus
dem Case entnommen habe. Wirklich stark. (Abpsielgerät: OnePlus One, mit Root
und Custom Rom Lineage OS).Nebenbei bemerkt - die Frau die mir sagt, dass die
Verbindung hergestellt ist, klingt sehr traurig und altbacken - was mich eher
belustigt als stört.Verbindungsstabilität:Da ist es in der Tat wirklich so, wie
einige hier schon beschrieben haben. Gelegentlich verliert der Linke Kopfhörer
mal die Verbindung (Nicht bei jeder Einheit, so alle 90 - 120 Abspielminuten für
0,5 bis 1 Sekunde)Was ich allerdings gut finde ist, dass der Hörer nach der
kurzen Pause NICHT die Musik wieder voll reinknallt, sondern langsam wieder
einblendet.Ich empfinde den kurzen Verbindungsverlust nicht als sehr störend, da
ich das von Bluetooth Kopfhörern nicht anders kenne.Weiteres:Ich finde die
Lösung mit dem Case hervorragend. Ich komme auch gut klar mit der
Akkulaufzeit.Die Bedienung ist wirklich etwas fummelig und die Tasten sind recht
schwergängig, woran ich mich jedoch recht schnell gewöhnt habe.Telefonieren soll
man damit auch können, was ich nicht getestet habe - weil ich beim Sport
grundsätzlich nicht das Bedürfnis zum Telefonieren habe.Fazit:Wer komplett
schnurlose Sportkopfhörer mit richtig tollen Sound, einer reibungslosen und
zügigen Verbindung und einem nahezu perfekten Halt sucht, macht mit diesen
SoundSport Free definitiv alles richtig.Ich trage und höre diese Teile sehr gern
- sogar beim putzen! :-)Wenn ich könnte, dann würde ich 4 3/4 Stern vergeben, da
man für die Bedienung doch etwas mehr Kraft benötigt als es sein sollte und die
seltenen Aussetzer bei so einem Preis nicht sein sollten. (Vielleicht wird das
ja noch gepatcht)Da bleibt mir nichts anderes übrig als auf 5 Stern
aufzurunden.Volle Kaufempfehlung!
    Son unos audífonos con funciones increíbles como la resistencia de
salpicaduras de agua así que puedes sudar o que se te mojen y no les pase nada,
hay una app para localizar los audífonos si se te pierdeUn punto malo que veo es
que le dan más importancia al derecho que al izquierdo, por ejemplo en una
llamada solo puedes oír y hablar por el derecho, no puedes ponerte solo el
audífono izquierdo si quieres utilizar unoPersonalmente este es el mejor color
para mí y los adquirí a 3288 por el prime Ray muy recomendable
    Sehr gute Soundwiedergabe, aber bei einer Bluetooth-Verbindung mit meinem
Handy wird diese bei einem Abstand ab ca. 4 Metern ständig unterbrochen. (Handy
liegt in einem Zimmer, man geht ins andere Zimmer-Musik unterbricht ,geht kurz
wieder an, wird wieder unterbrochen, usw. (Ich muss das Handy ständig bei mir
haben, sonst nur schlechte Verbindung).
    These headphones are great! The sound quality is impressive. They are easy
to work and connect to various devices. Built in microphone is clear, to the
point where it's not noticeable you are not talking into the phone by the other
person on the line. Love the case it comes with. Connectivity range is good, I
can leave my phone at one end of the house and walk around with no issues. The
design is good and the buds stay in solidly and don't feel like they will fall
even through jumping/physical activity.
    Excellent sound quality.  Expected from Bose and these certainly did not
disappoint!They also stayed pretty firmly in place during a 10K run.  They do
not inflict pain like some other in-ear headphones.I definitely recommend
these!I am updating this review after owning these for seven months.  My initial
review (above) was very positive and the things I mentioned still stand.However,
the issue with these is that they do not stay charged for more than two weeks at
a time.  I bought these to be used when I travel on business, other than that
they are not used.  The first time I used them for three days in a row for about
two hours each time, and they worked great.  When I returned home, I put them
away until my next trip.  When I got them for my next trip, I noticed that they
were completely dead.  So I decided that upon my return from my trip, I will
fully charge them BEFORE I put them away so that they will be ready for my next
trip.Guess what, they were completely dead again.  I searched online for hours
looking for a solution to this issue, but it turns out that Bose is aware that
once the earphones are fully charged, they CONTINUE to drain the battery in the
case until both the earphones and case are completely dead.  This defeats the
most important feature for me, which is the case topping up the earphones when I
store them, so they are fully charged and ready to go for my next use.I am very
disappointed in Bose as a very high quality and expensive brand with this major
design flaw.  I am posting this so that unsuspecting buyers know about this
BEFORE they buy, unlike me.
    Bose bürgt für Qualität..ein stolzer Preis... Lieferung perfekt..Qualität
optisch gut..Klangqualität hervorragend...unterirdisch schlecht ist die
Bluetooth Verbindung und die Synchronisation  links/rechts der Ohrhörer... nach
ein  paar Minuten fällt entweder der  linke Hörer aus oder die Bluetooth
Verbindubg bricht ganz ab..um eine neue Verbindung aufzubauen müssen erst beider
Hörer in die Ladestation zum synchronisieren.  NERVIG und grottenschlecht.  Das
Letzte  dann kann man sich Bluetooth sparen..Bose...da habt ihr Mist gebaut..
    I bought these earbuds as my over-ear Bluetooth headphones are too large to
carry around. These fit great and will not fall out. The sound quality is good
and overall are great for lifting weights and listening to audio. If you're
running outside, since the earbuds are quite large, the wind noise is very
significant. Additionally, these are HORRIBLE for using with a PC. Constant
connection issues, the left earbud doesn't always connect, and the worst of all
is there is an infuriating audio lag whenever you watch videos.TLDR - Buy these
if you ONLY want to use these for listening to audio on your phone specifically.
    Sound quality is quite nice, as you’d expect from a Bose. Fit and finish is
good too. These stick to your ears during runs and workouts, will serve the
purpose if you are buying them as your workout earphones. But that’s where the
good part ends, these have substantial audio lag if you watch a video using
these. It’d be liking watching a dubbed movie with audio completely out of sync.
Bose has known this for quite some time but no fix yet. Another dealbreaker is,
while taking calls, only one pod works, the left one will not have any audio.
There is no noise cancellation with these, only limited noise isolation since
you have these in your ears. On top of it all, Amazon will not accept a return
and may offer to replace the product with same product (which will have the same
issue). I would have returned it on day 1 if they allowed me to, stuck with them
now.
    Excelente calidad de sonido.Muy cómodos y no se caen al hacer
deporte.Funcionan bien con el iPhone, pero las llamadas solo se escuchan por el
auricular derecho.ElMicrófono parece funcionar bien para hablar por
teléfono.Solo un pero importante: los botones están algo duros y cuesta
pulsarlos con los auriculares puestos.
    I bought these headphones when they were on sale. With the sale price, the
headphones make sense, but at the full price, I don't think I can recommend
them. I normally love Bose products, but I can't say I really love these
headphones. Reason is that I bought a pair of Airpods for my mom, and after
trying that (they have similar prices), I think I much prefer those.Fit: They
fit in my ear well, but they stick out a fair bit. For the purposes I bought
them (gym), it's not an issue. Sometimes they have a tendency to slowly come
out, but it's not a big deal (once I adjust it, it gives me no problem)Sound:
Pretty good. They are Bose after all.Bluetooth connectivity: Fair. While
connected to my phone, these headphones work quite well. Talking/listening to
music is good. But when I connect it to my Macbook, these headphones are clunky.
There is decent sound lag, and for some reason the sound is really soft. I've
read that there is a potential firmware update, but I'm just surprised that Bose
would release a product that isn't up to their normal standards. One positive is
that switching inputs from my phone to my laptop is a fairly painless
process.Battery life: As advertised. So quite happy about that.Overall, I bought
these headphones for working out at the gym without needing to worry about wires
getting in the way. For that particular purpose, it does the job. But outside
this purpose, I'm not so fond of these headphones.
    Okay so I was a little skeptical on buying from amazon.usually i buy my
products directly from store.also a lot of people were complaining about appario
retail selling used products.the product sent to me was a genuine one and
sealed.service was nice.i got an ultraviolet edition.and the sound in these are
terrific.bose recently updated the firmware so all people previously complaining
about lag connectivity issue everything is now sorted out.only what i felt for
long hours of listening the ear tips are hard and start irritating your ear and
while attending calls its the only right bud that works as it lacks bluetooth
5.0.at a price point of 19K they should have added active noise
cancellation.rest everything is lucid clear and yeah loud !!!when u watch a
movie the action scenes make you feel you are inside the action.bullet firing
scenes make you feel bullets are penetrating inside you and i am not
exaggerating at ol.built quality is robust and nothing make you feel cheap from
the case to the buds to the packaging of the box just go for it you will not
regret.also use the bose connect app and update firmware to the latest.
    I have been using Bose wired headphones for many years and just can't find
any other with the same comfort. I love Bose's earplug design. I wanted to
switch to wireless so I tried many wireless earbuds and non were as comfortable
as my wired Bose. So I have decided to go ahead and buy these Bose soundsport
free. I am so disappointed, the earplug/comfort is the same, however those
earplugs are huge, they get out of my ears by at least 1.5 inches. They seem
like they want to get out of my ears by themselves. Considering the size of
those, you can imagine that the charge box is very big as well. Too big. Also,
the buttons (which are not touch and consider this an advantage) are really hard
to press. I am very disappointed in these, considering that I thought I was
buying myself the earbuds that I could not afford. Also, performances for the
price are disappointing. Also had connectivity issues.
    Love this product.  My biggest issue with headphones (wireless or not) is
finding ones that dont fall out of my ears.  I used to only be able to use the
old style iPhone headphones.  Until these guys.  You twist them so that they are
a snug fit.  Love the sound quality.  If you have them on low, you can still
kind of hear what's going on around you which comes in handy when running
errands. I have never listened on max volume as it would be way too loud for me
but I'm sure some users would appreciate.  Overall, super happy with these buds
and would recommend.
    Tuve que cambiar este producto 3 veces, ya que el sonido era intermitente.
Tenía todo bien configurado y la batería al máximo, intenté eliminando
programas, creyendo que alguna otra app generaba conflicto con la de los
auticulares o los con mismos auriculares. Pero siguieron funcionando mal.  Mi
teléfono es bueno y nunca había tenido este problema con ningún otro auricular
bluetooth.
    Alert!!! Long reviewSo it’s been exactly one year and a month using this
product. I am one of those person who knows how to keep/handle his belongings
well enough so that I can use it for a longer period of time without any issues.
Having said this I used my earphones occasionally 4times a week for commutative
of 2 hrs max pairing with an iPhone or iPad, I use average volume n only charge
my earphone box only after it’s less than 5 percent n unplug it as soon as it’s
five charging.The sound is amazing it’s a clear winner in this category but very
pricey that’s for sure. Slightly heavy on the ears, very good built quality n
superb noise cancellation.Overall it’s a premium class apart product. Sporty
earphones with good sound. Nothing less can be expected from Bose.But with all
these qualities and me using this premium product at its perfect conditions my
left earbud has completely died out of the blue. Within a year of using this I
am shocked and in disbelief that my favourite speakers company can have any
product without testing the product.I live in Guwahati where there’s no Bose
service center around. I am an old Customer of Bose I have been using the Bose
sound touch speaker for past 5years without any issues.Bose India if you can see
this kindly help your customer who is not around your service center vicinity.
How can a premium product get damaged within a year. Is it a trick to sell
products which runs upto the warranty period and then it dies. Leaving the
customers frustrated.I hope for better resolutions.
    A pesar de que son un poco caros, la verdad es que están hermosos, son súper
cómodos, les dura mucho la batería y suenan increíble.Lo único de lo que podría
quejar es de que sus botones son un poco difíciles de usar pues están muy
duros.NOTA: Al menos para Android no tienen la opción de cambio de canción desde
los audífonos.
    I bought these headphones from amazon in Feb 2020.In the early stages after
updating the software ( btu.bose.com), I found that still they have connectivity
issues.I want to mention 2 important things here:1. When you buy from amazon,
check the warranty by calling bose. The ones I got have 3 months of warranty and
amazon played me. Luckily I contacted bose and they extended the warranty.2.
Secondly if you have issues with headphones, then it's a pain to contact bose so
please be careful.
    Ich habe viele Geräte von Bose zu Hause. Die Ohrhörer wollte ich für meine
Pilates Übungen für zu Hause haben, damit ich mich frei bewegen und mich voll
und ganz auf die entspannte Musik konzentrieren kann.Trotz Update und mehrfachen
Versuchen konnte ich die Ohrhöhrer aber nicht an mein neues TV per Bluetooth
anschließen, obwohl es in der Geräteliste angezeigt wird. Ich habe die Ohrhöhrer
daher wieder umgetauscht. Schade.
    Sound great but no battery life at all, I missed my return window as I
bought them back in July 2019 and only got to use them once, each time I go to
use them the case they charge in only shows one light instead of four lights,
they work great when there are charged but if you don’t use them within a couple
days they are dead again just from sitting in the charging/storage case
    Me encantó el producto y diseño, se adapta perfecto a mis oídos y la música
se escucha perfectamente. Adicionalmente para realizar ejercicios en vivo de
Instagram no hay problemas en el audio.Lo malo, las llamadas solo se escucha el
auricular derecho, aunque suena bien, el ideal sería poder escuchar con los dos.
Por eso no le doy 5 estrellas.El diseño me encantó el morado se ve increíble y
amé que fueran edición limitada y llegaron súper rápido.
    I bought this in June 2019. When one spends 15000 plus rupees on a device,
it es expected to function at least for 3 years. This rubber covering on the
button just fell off one day. I don't let the earphones fall on the floor, I
never keep them outside the box when not in use. I don't mishandle them at all.
And so if this happens, it is not a product which I would recommend to anyone.
Don't buy it
    Took a bit of getting used to. The sound is pretty good but they don’t do a
good job of keeping out outside noise so can’t always appreciate the sound
quality. Stays charged for a long time. I listen about two hours a day and can
go a whole week, storing them in the pod, without having to charge.
    Save yourself time and trust all of these reviews noting the terrible
connectivity issues.  The sound seemed great, but these earbuds keeps losing
connection to my phone.  The audio fades in and out on both ears constantly
(when I turn my head for example), but particularly bad with the left.I have no
use for these things, and I will be returning them.
    The sound is solid, the style is great, and the comfort is on point.  Few
issues as described below.Connectivity is an issue.  Despite being paired and
connected to a device, while listening to music/podcast I will often times hear
the pairing sound come up.  When switching between my phone and PC, unlike other
Bose devices it can sometimes take 3 attempts and powering them off to connect
to a different device.  Also the no sound in the left bud during calls was an
interesting feature.EDIT- The Bose app did help and there was some firmware
updates on this that I did on there.  Since that the connection problem is
solved.
    Compre este modelo pensando que serían mejores que los AirPods, el caso es
que siempre tienes la sensación de que se van a caer, hay que llevarlos con un
volumen muy alto para no escuchar el ruido externo, y lo peor junto con los
botones de control que son muy duros es cuando entra una llamada es difícil de
pulsar y solo se escucha por el auricular derecho.
    La verdad estoy decepcionada, pésima conexión, son muy grandes y después de
un rato, la oreja duele bastante. Lástima del sonido que como todos los
productos Bose es excelente. Honestamente no los volvería a comprar. Ya los
vendí para comprar algo más cómodo.
    Good for listening music but very bad for call. Would pick up background
noise when calling, specially when you are out. While calling with messaging
apps (Facebook, WhatsApp) sound comes from one earpiece only but work fine with
phone call. Most likely a design flaw.However, music is really really good on
these headphones. If you are looking for something to play music not for calling
that much I would recommend this.
    Really great pair of headphones for someone with tiny ears! I've been
looking for something to use at the gym that doesn't have annoying wires banging
around all the time. I've tried in-ear earbuds but they're always too large, and
they often bounce around and cause the music to cut in and out because of the
fit in my ears. These headphones sit snug like a glove! Sound quality is of
course unreal for Bose. Only down side is that there really isn't much noise
isolation so you'll have to crank your music up if the gym gets noisy. But still
the best pair of earbuds I've encountered for running!
    Leider ein Produkt mit viel Licht und Schatten.Klangqualität ist wie man es
von Bose erwarten kann richtig gut. Zum trainieren sind sie klasse. Passen sich
gut an und halten auch gut im Ohr. Ich benutze sie fürn Fitnessraum und fürs
Joggen.Jetzt zu dem Punkt der mich leider davon abhalten würde dieses Produkt
noch einmal zu kaufen. Leider bricht am linken Ohrstecker sehr häufig der Ton ab
was beim trainieren einfach nervig ist weil man jedes mal unterbrechen muss.
    First of all, sound quality is good considering the price. The shark fin
structure makes it fit my ears better and much better for sports, which is
really impressive. The battery life is quite long with the charging box.And
talking about noise cancelling, there is no such function in this product and I
didn't buy this piece to avoid noise. For those who seek for noise dealing, this
is not the right device, as you can clearly hear the surroundings with it.Two
key problems: bad connection from time to time & severe sound lag, which makes
it my worst device ever for watching videos.
    Decent set of headphones. Not the best of Bose in terms of sound quality,
but still decent. I have small ears so it took a bit of adjusting to get
comfortable with the weight as it's quite heavy. Appearance wise, it also sticks
out of the ear so not as delicate as other earphones. The ear phones in the
charger looses battery life even when you don't use it so that's not ideal (it
will go from 5 bars to 1 bar over about a week with no use).
    Desde hace mucho queria obtener estos audifonos BOSE para hacer ejercicio y
ahora que AMAZON los puso en promocion fue cuando los compre y puedo decir que
son los MEJORES audifonos inalambricos que he tenido, su tecnologia los hace
sentir como unos audifonos grandes con una grana fidelidad y bajos en el sonido,
tuve los Apple AirPods y solo me duraron menos de 1 año ya que no son repelentes
al sudor ademas de tener un sonido muy por debajo de los BOSE, probe tambien
unos JBL con una muy buena fidelidad de sonido pero sin los bajos potentes que
necesito para el GYM, el color violeta con los cuales vienen los audifonos BOSE
se ven muy discretos ( pense se notaria mucho) , solo puedo decir que si te
gusta la fidelidad en la musica estos son los unicos que valen la pena.
    I love Bose, and have a lot of their products. The earphones are nice and
light and look good, however definately takes a while to get used to. After they
burn in (like any decent sound product), they sound amazing quality. However
this pair was cutting out of signal WAY too much. All drivers were up to date
and my transmitter was not the issue. I eventually persuaded Bose to send me a
new pair, and they are so far so good. Battery life is pretty good, This are NOT
for noise cancellation, so don't expect that...it is safer anyway. The case is
very nice and smart.
    En manos libres con tu cel SOLO se escuchara un lado.Si tratas de correr o
ir al GYM con estos audífonos de seguro se te caerán.El microfono capta el ruido
que te rodea, en una llamada tendras que ponerte una mano sobre el auricular del
microfono para evitar el ruido.yo lo recomiendo solo para escuchar musica y sin
movimiento.
    Sound quality is great, bass is fantastic! Thy stay in my ears, don’t fall
out even when being active. These are definitely big looking, and a bit odd, but
the sound quality makes up for it. Therefore the case is bigger too, hard to fit
in your pocket.  If it’s sound you’re looking for, get these!
    En general el producto es muy bueno, para un usuario promedio o que use como
referencia los audífonos de apple o Beats, deberían ser una pasada, pero por el
precio que tienen se debería exigir mucho mas. Los adquirí por 3200 que es un
precio de oferta lo que hace que sea una excelente compra, pero si los vas
adquirir por su precio normal 4600 yo me lo pensaría un poco. No se si por ese
rango haya algo mejo pero estos quedan a deber un poco.El audio se escucha
claro, fuerte y nítido. En lo personal me faltan graves o un
ecualizador.Compralos sin pensarlos si los encuentras de oferta.
    Battery is big problem, i have gone through replacement but it is still not
giving more than 3:45 hours. so be aware if you are looking for longer battery,
looks elsewhere. Also at this price you want a longer battery, which will b a
big dissapoint. But best piece for music/ bass other than beats.
    No sé si solo me pase a mi, pero el audífono izquierdo no carga al 100% lo
utilizo y solo dura como mucho 40 minutos se apaga y debo colocarlo a cargar,
mientras que el derecho respeta toda la autonomía. Tengo otros productos Bose el
sonido no tiene comparación pero la marca me esta fallando tanto en altavoces
como audifonos etc. Y portátiles. No sé que esté pasando
    Pros:1. I love the sound quality it has to offer2. A decent battery life3.
Very comfortable and a reliable fit while running4. Bose app5. Build
qualityCons:1. Charging speed (relative to other brands)2. A little bulky
design3. Noise cancellationMAJOR THINGS I WAS SCEPTICAL ABOUT AFTER READING
REVIEWS:LATENCYAs far as the latency issue, I faced it when it was straight out
of the box on all video based platforms but after upgrading to the latest
firmware it has shown no such issues on any of the previous applications, be it
prime vid, hotstar, netflix, youtube or facebook. ( I use a Note 9, just for
reference )CONNECTIONnot disconnected once. Both earbuds remain very well
connected during a workout session.
    I've had Bose products before and not been disappointed. These  are great...
Feel light, sound great. Not sure about how long the charge lasts as I've only
just got them today.  Phone calls work great. The only reason I didn't give 5
stars is because the control buttons on the right earbud are hard (stiff) to
push but they work. Thanks again, Bose. 😁
    Tan simple y sencillo, devolví el producto por la latencia del audio,
aclarando que el audio en calidad es buenísimo!!! pero!!! Hay extrema latencia,
según se resolvío pero es mentira, tenía la última actualización y en videos y
juegos de distingue la extrema latencia, ahora bien, cuando pausamos una canción
hace una pequeña desconexión y cuando volvemos a reproducir se escucha como
vuelve a conectar un audifono con otro y por ello la música comienza
adelantada.Para aquellos que no tienen problema con eso son perfectos la verdad.
    The colour is amazing with the purple/blue mix , I have received many
compliments. Next, the ease of downloading the app and getting them to sync with
my Samsung Note 9, was seamless. The app is nothing special but also its not
overly complicated. The sound is decent and I'd recommend these.
    ended up returning it as it didn't fit my needs. would be nice if it
cancelled noise a little. in busy places like taking transit or the gym it's
annoying to still hear other sounds overpower the music. Turning up the volume
fixes the problem slightly, but then other people can hear what's playing which
makes having them useless. who wants to hear other people's music while
commuting? don't be that person.
    Empezando no cumplen con las características prometidas, se descargan muy
rápido, el cargador se supone que oprimiendo el botón de abertura del estuche,
indica nivel de carga, el que tengo no indica nada, permanece apagadopésima
conectividad con Windows 10,a pesar de que ya los actualice con la aplicación
Bose connect se desfasa, tengo varios modelos de esta marca, adquirí estos
porque conozco su calidad, pero estos audífonos sport free, me han decepcionado
profundamente, por otro lado el sonido es muy bueno, lástima tendré que
regresarlos.
    Me gusta los audifonos por que son totalmente libres de cables pero te
molestan las gomas y debes ajustarlas a las que vienen en su empaque y mas el
derecho hay molestia cuando pasan de la tercer hora pero mi caso el izquierdo es
mas suave, a la hora de llamar se utiliza el audifono derecho y estando en una
planta se escucha la llamada y no tienes problemas de conexión y la distancia de
los audifonos es muy buena en espacio abiertos, duran 5 horas y te avisan cuando
se acaba la bateria.
    I wasted the money :1. On calls only one ear piece works.2. Bluetooth
connectivity gives wave type connectivity.3. Losses connectivity from left piece
frequently (though reconnects automatically).4. BUY IT ONLY IF WANT TO BURN 18K
    Muy buen producto de buena calidad y con excelente sonido como es propio de
bose. El precio es adecuado un poco más barato de lo que puedes encontrar en
tiendas departamentales, no estorban al hacer ejercicio ni se caen.
    Excelente sonido, se conectan sin problemas al celular, la duración de
batería y del estuche es muy buena. No sin recomendables para su uso con lap o
pc, ya que generalmente no se conectan correctamente, la mayoría de las
ocasiones únicamente conecta el perfil de voz, no con el de multimedia, así solo
se escucha el auricular derecho, no importa que actualices el firmware no se
soluciona ese problema
    Sound quality is good, and it’s easy to change connection from one device to
another. They tend to lose battery charge of left for a period of time.Satisfied
with them, but if I were to buy them again I would  look into the non-“free”
soundsports. I’ve lost a bud under a treadmill before and it was quite annoying.
Would’ve been easier if they were attached— but that’s just preference.
    These are high end headphones, and the reason why I chose Bose is because
I've had other products from them before and I've never had any kinds of issues.
They're good looking, with excellent sound quality and battery life. The
charging case is also really slick, making these phones an even better
deal.Unfortunately, I had to return these headphones, as I've experience a lot
of connection issues with the left earbud. For some reason, they work perfectly
while indoors - but the moment you walk outdoors, the left side starts to black
out and it just drove me insane after two weeks.Overall, I would not recommend
this headphone, as it comes with Bose price, but not Bose quality.
    These have got a really great sound, really well balanced. They fit really
well and have 3 different ear piece sizes for different ear sizes. My only
complaint about these is that I've experienced quite a bit of lag. YouTube video
and audio is always out of sync , and they often cause YouTube and Twitch
streams to buffer, for some reason.Because of those issues, I wouldn't pay MSRP
for them, try and catch them on sale. For music though, these are fantastic, and
judging by other reviews, they have among the best audio quality of all wireless
earbuds.
    Bought this during the prime day sale and it was a good deal.I used to own a
Jaybird freedom prior to this and the switch did really make a difference.The
Sound quality is awesome! It is very comfortable to use during gym workouts and
commute.Battery lasts for about 10hrs -12 hrs with 70-80% volume.One annoying
thing is the sync issues between the earphones and it left gets disconnected
many a times.Wasn't expecting this from Bose.The mic isn't that great either and
people could hear me well only when at home or at a quieter place and not in
noisy environments.
    Son malisimos!!! El audífono izquierdo se desconecta seguido, los botones
están tan duros que pocas veces sabes si funcionan o no y lo peor de todo es que
hay un desfase de más de 1 segundo entre lo que ves y escuchas cuando usas
Netflix o YouTube, tan caros y tan chafas, los devolví
    Que me gustó:•La batería le dura bastante tiempo, además de que pues los
usas y los guardas en el estuche se vuelven a cargar y siempre que los sacas
están al 100%.•Llegaron con su empaque bien cuidado, a tiempo, todo muy bien,
sobre todo que los compre con la oferta de $3300.•El sonido es bastante bueno,
tal vez me gustaría que cancelaran mejor el sonido exterior pero en general se
escuchan súper bien, mejor que otras marcas.•Sin perfectos para hacer ejercicio,
las gomas se ajustan perfecto y se mantienen firmes para ejercicio pesado.
    Well nothing much talk about when it comes to BOSE amazing as always ..it's
very comfortable to wear and connect . Yes for prolong use it may be little
discomfort in the ears . Rest all just fabulous. If you wanna enjoy real music
output pls go ahead without any hesitation. Well done BOSE !
    Bose is awesome and I appreciate the sound of these.They're a bit bulky,
though light.  The one main issue is one side will blank out every now and again
then come back.My husband got a pair as well in another color and it does the
same thing.  This happens even when right beside the device.
    I have been a loyal customer of Bose headphones and this is my fourth pair.
Everything with sound impeccable as usual. This one can maintain connection for
longer distance and perfect for workout. Gotta say I m very impressed with the
purple color design. The linings are fluorescent and looks better under the sun.
Definitely worth the investment with the current deal in place.
    I usually like Bose products but these headphones were NOT GOOD AT ALL!! I
highly recommend people NOT to buy these!!!1) They're SO bulky so they don't sit
in the ear comfortably and I was always afraid it would fall out. I was planning
to use these mainly for working out but did not even attempt to do so because I
simply could not get it to fit properly.2) The audio ALWAYS lags when I watch
videos. The firmware was up to date & I've even tried watching different videos.
The lag was so bad that I stopped using these while watching videos
altogether.Will definitely be returning these and just stick to my JayBirds.
    Mir wurden die Kopfhörer von meinem Sohn empfohlen, weil ich hier in
Guatemala mit dem Apple TV Filme schauen möchte, ohne meine Frau zu stören.
Allerdings, es funktioniert nur der rechte Kopfhörer. Wie ich aus einer
Internetrecherche sehe, bin ich nicht der Einzige, dem es so geht. Immer mehr
Leute geben diese Kopfhörer einfach zurück, weil nur ein Kanal funktioniert und
Bose offenbar keine Lösung hat.Mein Problem ist nun: Ich kann sie nicht
zurückgeben oder tauschen, weil ich erst Ende Mai wieder nach Deutschland
fliege, zu spät für Reklamationen. 160 Euro in den Sand gesetzt!
    Obviamente siendo Bose son excelentes en cuanto a sonido.El pero lo tiene el
estuche/cargador, debería tener un botón para activarlo solo cuando se necesita.
El hecho que siempre esté activo, disminuye de cierta manera la cantidad de
veces que se pueden recargar los audífonos, ya que cada vez que se guardan en el
estuche se comienzan a cargar en automático.
