    Llego.....aun por la contingencia.....DHL tiene una buena calificación
tambien. Recomendables audifonos. Perfectos tambien para realizar llamadas.
    Great product for the price you pay. Only downside is it does get a bit
uncomfortable at times/falls out easily
    Excelentes audífonos, mejor de lo que hubiera pensado, me encantaron
    I really wanted to love these earbuds. They ended up being a mixed bag of
pros and cons.  Several things the manufacturer touted, I have found to be
highly accurate. The range using Bluetooth 5.0 is phenomenal. They stay
connected perhaps 3-4 times farther than my older 4.2 buds. Making phone calls
is a delight for someone with a hearing disability like me. I got clear, stereo
reception with great volume and the far end of the connection couldn’t tell I
was using them, it was so clear. I don’t use my buds primarily for music, but I
found them personally to be at least adequate.  The bass was noticeable and
mid/highs at least distinctive.  Comfort is an individual thing, so your mileage
will certainly vary. They felt OK to me, although they like to fall out.  I
haven’t tried all the earpiece sizes or hook attachments yet, so it may yet
improve.  Not a show stopper for me, since I don’t use them for sports or
exercise.  Battery life thus far has met or exceeded advertising claims.  I
don’t know how long they last, I’ve never been able to wear them to the point of
battery death. I’ve worn them watching TV for 4-5 hours at a stretch and they
lasted strong all the way though. The case is simple and recharges them quite
fast, as advertised. Pairing was easy and once paired, they stayed connected
with zero drops. They don’t always automatically reconnect immediately to the TV
when I put them on, but eventually they make the handshake. The big downside for
me and where the advertising was less than accurate or truthful is latency. I
purchased these specifically for television due to hearing problems. I know
these buds are built on a Qualcomm SoC, supposedly with Aptx built in. There are
multiple Aptx Codecs and Aptx-LL is it’s own distinctive Codec.  Clearly, the
high fidelity Aptx Codices are on board, but these buds don’t register with my
Aptx-LL retransmitter or devices I already know broadcast in LL. The latency
with TV and video is very noticeable and nowhere near what I know is possible
using Aptx-LL codex. Calling these “low latency” in advertising is a complete
falsehood and defeats the purpose of having bought them to begin with.  That for
me is the show stopper.  I really wanted to love these things, but I can’t.
    I have been weighing the Airpods against the Jabra 65T for a while (I have
Pixel 2), but neither of these had was I was totally looking for. But as soon as
I found these with aptX, BT5, and all the other benefits of the newer Qualcomm
chipset (QCC3026)...I had to give them a go.GOOD:-Sound is quite good,
especially for their size. They are a bit bass heavy, but nothing an EQ can't
dial out and some may prefer this anyway. Coming from the Sennheiser HD450 BTNC,
these are considerably better sounding...which is strange on the surface, but
frankly I never found the Sennheisers to really sound that great.-Works with
just one bud, doesn't matter which one.-Battery has so far been pretty good,
have not really stressed them out honestly. I don't really use them for long
stints.-Range is good. Though as with most things, having more obstructions will
reduce the range.-Have not had any unexpected dropping audio or connectivity
issues. Sometimes when they transition from single bud to the pair, you can tell
they are figuring it out by cutting in/out for a few seconds. This has not
bothered me in the slightest, but worth mentioning.-Buttons respond well and
make sense to use.-Ocean blue color is great, kind of has a pearl look to it,
not just gloss.-Calls work well, my friends say they can clearly hear me, but I
have not tested in an environment with a lot of background noise.-Fitment is
great for me, I don't even need the extra silicone surrounds they come with.
Would have no issues running with these.-They are pretty small and are quite a
bit more discreet than the Airpods or the Jabras. I find them much more
aesthetically pleasing in general except for....BAD:-The logos are too much. It
just makes them look cheap, especially on the dark colors. I will be cutting
some vinyl to cover the buttons/case logos so they look classier..likely a
metallic copper to go with the ocean blue.-Micro-USB charge port. I could not
find this out via any information on the internet prior to purchase. Wish they
were USB-C, especially for how new they are.-Cannot for the life of me get these
to work on my Dell Windows 10 laptop with an Intel Bluetooth chipset. They
connect just fine, show up as an audio device and I can see the system is
sending sound to them, but I hear nothing. Tried multiple different fixes along
the lines of when Airpods/other bluetooth headphones aren't working, but to no
avail. Lots of variables here, but I blame the headphones since others seem to
work fine.THOUGHTS:For being an relatively unknown company and making some
stupid blunders like slapping their logo all over, I'm kind of surprised they
are asking so much for them when they are likely to get lost in a sea of other
sub-$60 earbuds that are mostly just re-branded clones. Don't be fooled though--
even with these shortcomings-- they are backed by a much newer chipset than most
other true wireless earbuds and thusly have impressed me quite a bit.
    I have received Air-X for a while and tested all the functions. I am
satisfied that Air-X is the top of TrueWireless headphone in this price range,
strongly recommend to get one if you’re looking for a high performance and
acceptable price of TrueWireless products even this brand has not spread out
their name in the market, but Air-X’s performance is somehow the same as or
higher than some of well known brands.ConnectionThere are many well-known brand
of TrueWireless earbuds I had bought with the comment issue of connection until
I received Air-X TWS earbuds.I’ve tried to leave the My new iPhone XR in my room
and walk to different rooms and I was impressed by it’s stable connection and
it’s clean sound output. In additionally, running (stable fit on ear while
moving ) the road won’t stop the music playing!!  I believed it’s the most
powerful TrueWireless earbuds I ever used.Sound QualityWhen comparing with the
earphones I owns (Bose, JBL, Sony, Apple), which only Boss & Air-X has greater
depth of bass, even the Bose has slightly better bass performance than Air-X but
Air-X  has higher performance on mid to high pitch than others and better vocal
clarity and outstanding details on high pitch.You can try out Adele’s song to
experience the the clarity of vocal performance, and you won’t regret on their
Sound quality.Battery lifeI used it during my work for taking call and playing
music for more than 3~4hrs without put it back to the charging case, and it
still remains 75% when i check the battery life displayed on my iPhone.i think
i’ll take it to my family trip without carrying charger now.Battery life for
this size of earbuds just extraordinary, this tiny thing has the most powerful
battery i’ve ever have.
    I work at the nation's largest tech retailer, and have owned many true
wireless stereo headsets including: the Bragi Dash Pro, the Bose Soundsport
Wireless, and the Jabra Elite Active 65t.  Still, I always went back to my Bose
Quietcontroll 30.  Until now, every TWS headset I've tried was lacking in
battery life, comfort, and connectivity.  The Mavin Air-X finally hit the
mark.They aren't too heavy (Bose), they aren't too big and painful
(Bragi/Jabra), they easily get over 6 hrs battery life per charge, and they
connect independently to the phone so you can use either side for listening.
The connection is strong too, I have yet to accidentally break it.I give props
to Qualcomm for their new Stereo Wireless Plus and Broadcast Audio technology...
They made Mavin Air-X possible.  I also give props to Mavin for using the chip
when no one else is, and pushing the market forward.Give Mavin Air-X a shot.
You won't regret it.
    So, I've been purchasing cheap Chinese audio products for a while now. I've
bought some QCY/QY8 headphones a while back and they were wireless, but tethered
to each other and the sound quality on them was great and largely due to the
fact that they had the Qualcomm AptX codec built-in. Fast forward through a
couple of TWS earbuds I've tried and they all had OK to subpar audio
performance, but most of all they had very poor battery life. I mean, we're
talking about an hour of playback time at full volume (I would have to play at
full max to get good sound).I told myself I was done with cheap earbud
alternatives, I wanted something with good audio (aptX capable if possible) and
decent battery life. After some research, Qualcomm listed these earbuds on their
website and I did some researching and saw that they had an indiegogo site that
didn't hit their goal, so I just assumed they were defunked. However, I was
impressed with all their claims of 10 hours of battery, 100ft BT range, and
audio quality. After some more digging, I found that they were selling product
on Amazon and without hesitation I pulled the trigger...These earbuds sound
absolutely amazing. High fidelity audio - you can really hear the highs and lows
from these earbuds. I think with any TWS earbuds, bass is always going to have
issues just because it's trying to reproduce the low end noise in such a small
form factor. However, these do the job incredibly well. Obviously, these won't
replace your over-the-ear headphones in terms of audio, but for TWS these are
really dynamic. I have not tried the jabra elite or bose soundsport free but
based on other reviews, it seems like they are either on par or exceed their
quality. As far as volume, these earbuds are LOUD (partly due to aptx codec) but
what I am averaging 50-60% volume on my device and it's plenty.As far as the
battery, I'm going on 4 hours of non-stop playback and not hit the half way mark
yet on the battery indicator (Mavin also claims that you get 10% better battery
life with a Snapdragon 845 powered mobile phone due to optimization - which I
have). If the battery holds and doesn't deprecate over the next few months then
I will be extremely impressed.The sport stabilizer ear pieces are also a nice
touch. It's added security and it doesn't add  any mass to the buds. Well, at
least not that you can tell. It does a great job holding them in place - I would
recommend having these on all the time to avoid any slippage.Things I wish they
added:- Ability to connect to more than 1 BT device. I have this on some other
headphones and it's a great feature so you don't have to toggle back and forth.-
Having multiple devices connected to the earbuds disables the auto pairing
feature - it may just be confused on which one to pair.- The auto pair feature
is sometimes hit or miss as well, even when paired to one device. It could also
be human error and me just rushing the device to connect. I will report back if
it is an ongoing issue.Also - one person noted that there's no battery
indicator. If you have an android, the battery indicator should show up next to
the BT symbol in your notification bar on your phone.
    1 month update: After a month these are working just fine. I have noticed if
left alone for a few days they do not power on upon removal from the case. You
have to manually press the button on the buds to get them to turn on. I think
this is to prevent the phantom battery drain that other buds seem to suffer
with. Even if you leave them alone for a few days the case and buds upon removal
seem to have the same charge level. Furthermore, the hinge on the case wiggles a
bit now, even though I have babied them. It doesn't appear to affect
functionality but I hope it doesn't degrade any further. Finally, I've had a few
bugs such as the right not playing audio (even though it was the primary
connected to my phone), audio cutting out every other second, and random refusal
to connect to my S9 plus. Putting them back in the case and taking them out
again fixed the issue every time but I've never experienced such frequent and
erratic behavior with my other TWEs.Summary: In 2019 at $140 the Air-Xs face
serious competition, which the QUALCOMM chip doesn’t fully justify. The case is
only a bit larger than the Airpods (the Airpods case is about 0.9” thick, where
the Air-Xs is a bit over 1”) and the battery life is phenomenal. The range and
audio quality are only marginally better than my much older Bragi The Headphone,
which are now under $80.About me: I have at least 10 Bluetooth headphones around
the house. I carry four pairs in my backpack every day because they all have
different strengths. My Taotronics are very loud and have ridiculous bass, my
Tranyas (TWEs) have excellent sound quality but poor range, and my Bragi’s
(TWEs) have an extremely stable connection. I heard about the new Qualcomm chip
and I own a U.S. version S9+ with a SD 845, which is why I purchased the Air-Xs.
My main headphones are the Sony XM3s, which I probably listen to on average six
hours a day. My main TWEs are the Bragi The Headphone, which after nearly two
years of regular use are only able to hold about three hours of charge.
Originally, I was just going to get another set of the Bragi’s since they’re
only about $80 but then I saw the Air-Xs, which really seemed ideal for my
purpose. I wanted TWEs that were sweat resistant with a small portable case or
that could be easily carried without a case, at least 6 hours of battery life,
and had a very stable connection. The Air-Xs do the first two very well but they
have several irritating issues that really detract from the overall
experience.The Qualcomm chip: The main problem that all TWEs face is connecting
the primary and secondary together to deliver stereo audio. Most cheap TWEs use
Bluetooth to connect both, however BT signals cannot travel through water, so
blasting a signal through the human skull is simply not possible. Instead they
have to use walls to eventually bounce the BT signal to the other bud. Others,
like the Bragi, use induction to connect the two buds together, which even with
BT 4.2 delivers a really stable connection. The new Qualcomm chip fixes this
issue by connecting both buds to your SD 845 or 855 phone. This is supposed to
theoretically reduce latency, strengthen connection, and improve battery life. I
only really experienced the last benefit over the Bragi’s.Shortcomings: The Air-
Xs have respectable audio quality with great channel separation, volume to
spare, and decent bass. They tend to sometimes over-do the highs and they have a
very loud power-on hiss. Nearly, all Bluetooth headphones I have tried have this
power-on hiss; however, it is extremely loud on the Air-Xs. In certain quiet
songs I find it to be very distracting. If you plan on using the Air-Xs for only
working out or other physical activities, then you may be able to tune out the
hiss.The fit is also just mediocre. The charging contacts protrude aggressively
and without the wingtip sleeves that level out the contacts, the Air-Xs are very
uncomfortable to wear. They also come with triangular tips that are not for
human ears. I ended up finding another regular hemispherical pair that just
happened to fit my ears and the Air-Xs around my house. Furthermore, they use
push buttons that require a really firm jab to respond. My Bragi’s also have
push buttons but they require way less pressure to activate. Mavin also decided
to cram all regular headphone features (volume, track changing, assistants,
calls) on only two buttons. So, there is a complicated click pattern that deters
me from using the controls. Volume up is a single click which is typically
play/pause. Pause is a long press, while play is a single click. You cannot
change the volume too quickly or you will skip tracks. Basically, the controls
are a mess and I wish there was an app that could let me re-assign the
functions. Finally, the notification tones (connection status, track paused, and
such) are all played on MAX volume, which is absolutely infuriating and a great
way to go deaf. Every time you remove them from the case and put them in your
ears they will scream,CONNECTED! BLEEP! BLEEP! BLOOP! CONNECTED!I have now
trained myself to wait about three seconds after taking them out of the case for
them to finish their process. Several times they have also randomly bleeped and
blooped on MAX in my ears for no reason. Nothing in the manual mentions what
these noises mean. In total, with the hiss, the obnoxiously loud notifications,
bad controls, bad ear fit, I seriously think no one at Mavin actually put these
into their ears. It’s as if the whole product is largely just a test bed for
Qualcomm. I also went into developer settings on my phone and manually switched
from aptX to SBC, (which I know is inferior) to see if it would reduce the hiss.
Unfortunately, it did not.Testing claims: As for the range, I have not tested
line of sight range, but indoor range is equivalent to my Bragi’s. I can
basically walk ten feet with one thin door between my phone and the buds and
begin to experience interruptions. Also, are both buds supposed to show up as
connected to the phone? Typically, for me only one is connected, usually,
whichever I pulled first from the case. Once, both showed up as connected but I
have not been able to replicate that again. So, I am not sure what benefit is
offered by the Qualcomm chip since they just fall back into primary-secondary
mode. If I put the one that is connected to my phone in the case, it will cut
audio from the other bud as well. Furthermore, I cannot go into settings and
force connect to the bud. I have to place it back into the case and then take it
out again. Also, if they lose connection, which happened to me once when I got
too far from my phone in my house, they would not auto-reconnect. I could not
even force them to reconnect. I again had to put them back into the case and
take them out again. In this respect, they are worse than every other Bluetooth
headphone I own.As for the battery life, I have listened to them continuously
for about four hours, with my phone reporting the right bud’s battery around
50%. So, at about 30-50% volume ten hours may be possible. Fully charging the
buds dropped the case’s battery life from 100% to about 80-90 percent (5 to 4
flashes).Wrap-up: I recommend the Air-X if the incredible battery life and the
small case produce a greater benefit than the lousy controls, bad design,
deafening notification tones, dependence on a flagship level android phone,
mediocre range and the HISS. Otherwise, consider something from a more
established brand.2 week update: I had these in my ears the whole day with
nearly 12 hours of music playing constantly at about 50% volume. The left bud,
which was connected to my phone reported 2% battery life around 8 hours. So, I
put both back into the case and then immediately pulled out the right bud, which
after it connected showed 72% battery. I listened to just the right bud for
about 2 hours, while the left charged in the case. I then pulled the left out
and listened to them both for another 2 hours, with the right's battery at about
50% after 12 hours. So, the battery life is years ahead of anything on the
market right now (assuming you have the right phone and they are reporting
accurately). It is also possible that the left just went through some odd bug
that caused the wide battery percent gap between two. So, it may have been able
to last even longer if I had simply ignored its BLOOP. Putting them back in the
case (case at 60%) overnight charged them up fully with about 30% case battery
still remaining. These are also now being sold at $125, which is seriously
competitive considering the tech these have.
    So during the time that the product worked for me it worked really well. The
battery life seems  to live up to it's 10 hours (I never bothered testing
further than 7 hours-I had about 25% left) and the sound quality is pretty good.
The connection was very strong and I loved being able to use either left or
right by themselves. However, I had to factory reset my phone one day and then I
also reset  the earbuds (Normal reset, removing pairing info to connect to phone
again). However the right earbud for some reason could not work on it's own
anymore so i decided to Factory reset. now the earbuds will not pair to each
other, and customer support is unresponsive. Even the guides (yes there is 2,
the one under product support and the one in the user manual) provide different
information making it even more confusing. If there is an issue with yours good
luck getting customer support to even respond.
    I bought these true wireless earbuds because sometimes the wires on my great
Sennheiser M2's are just not long enough and pull the earpieces out of my ears.
The idea of having TRUE wireless earbuds appealed to me and the reviews sounded
good on these. When they arrived, I made sure they were fully charged before I
even tried them in my ears. They sounded really good and felt fairly
comfortable, although I didn't try other size earpieces that came with. OK, so
far. When I was getting ready to out and exercise, I put them in my ears and
they would not connect to my Samsung Galaxy S8. I thought it was odd because I
had no trouble connecting them when I got them. No matter what I did, these
earbuds would not connect again with my phone. I hated to send them back, but if
they didn't work, they didn't work. This may have been a fluke, but having a
problem with one pair was enough to steer me away from the product.
    The earbuds so far have lived up to their battery life claims- I haven't had
them run out of juice even once yet. When I first tried using them they were
uncomfortable, but using the sport stabilizers seemed to make them for better
for some reason. On occasion when there's no sound playing you can hear a quiet
buzzing noise. I can't say that I've tested it much, but the ipx5 rating seems
to be accurate. The earbuds have great range and hold a very stable connection.
I've been about to listen to music on my phone with a few walls obstructing the
signal with minimal connection issues. Under normal usage I haven't had the
signal drop out skip. Another plus to these earbuds is the fact that you can use
each one individually. I've only taken a handful of calls with them, but I was
told that the microphone quality seemed acceptable. It was also nice hearing the
phonecall in both ears.
    An excellent combination of size, sound, and style.Pairing and connecting:
Bluetooth 5 enables quick initial pairing, as well as fast reconnects when
removed from case for use each time. Maintaining connection with phone - even
when phone is in front pants pocket - has been rock solid.  Really like how it's
easy to switch from two earbuds to one on the fly, or by activating one bud by
taking only one out of the case as needed.Sound quality:  Well balanced, high
quality, impressive sounds considering it doesn't have aptx HD.  One of the
best, based on my experience with Jabra, Sol, Bragi, Here One, Treblab, etc.Fit
and comfort:  Fairly good with included silicone tips (slight soreness after 2+
hours), but MUCH better with Comply foam tips!  Case is a nice size; not too
bulky, yet big enough it doesn't get lost in your bag.  See pictures for
examplesNoise filtering:  Physically blocks out much of the background noise,
even when commuting by subway.  No electronic noise cancelling offered.Controls:
Pausing requires an extended hold.  I prefer immediate pause, which is common in
many other truly wireless earbuds.  No volume control, so you'll need to use
phone or smartwatch for volume.Overall:  Extremely pleased with the balance of
quality and features of the above categories.  Now taking over as my daily
commuter and yardwork buds, which was previously dominated by Sol Republic.
    I was blown away with these earbuds. Never did i imagine that something this
small could perform so well.I purchased the sennheiser momentum true wireless
buds to get the best quality with true wireless earbuds and then these popped up
a week later. Since testing them out I can say they have extremely similar sound
to the sennheiser earbuds, equal distance for strong connection and somehow an
everlasting battery life. My one gripe with the Mavin buds is the poor quality
of design and lack of features. The Sennheiser momentum and many others have a
hearthrough feature that these could benefit. The case for these is fine and
all, but the buds themselves are made with some poor materials and the little
bump where the connector pins are have a habit of scratching my ear canal. The
provided sleeves make the fit nicer but it often slides around and i have to fix
it.The truewireless stereo plus qualcomm chips in the Mavin are the reason i
originally purchased these and I am happy I did. I cannot wait for more
companies to adopt this tech. I just hope Mavin and more will understand that
tactile buttons suck and sennheiser knew what they were doing by adding
capacitive touch buttons. No clicking and jamming the earbuds into my ears. I
regret that I will be returning these.
    Bought these after exhaustively searching wireless earbuds online and in
stores. Hard to find much information on the brand, but they were using quality
components (speaker diaphragms, batteries, Qualcomm chipset) and the features
described seemed almost unbelievable.Figuring I could return if the goods didn’t
meet expectations, I ordered a pair. What a fantastic decision and product!
Kudos to the team at Mavin for making something that truly transcends
consumerism and represents the pursuit of excellence in product design and
execution!Sound quality is better than expected—they are earbuds, not open
backed planar magnetic headphones—but I was still surprised by the clarity
across lows, mids and highs. Battery life is as advertised, simply astounding. I
recharge storage case once every two weeks, and I use daily for 4-6 hours a day,
but generally one bud at a time when at work.Pairing is simple and immediate,
and has remained constant from day one. The range is extreme; I find myself out
in the back yard working on something only to realize that my phone is still in
the kitchen over a hundred feet away.I loved these so much, I promptly bought a
pair for everyone I love. You should too, don’t hesitate and miss a genuinely
perfect product!
    $89 Bucks NEW. Earbuds have unbelievable sound, especially bass. Highs and
mids are not lost. Please note, depending on the tightness of the earbud in your
ear, the more isolation and clarity you receive. Smaller than I pictured, very
comfortable. Included many sized ear-tips and sports wing (inner ear) attachment
if necessary. Reviews said call quality was lacking so I wasn't expecting much.
Surprisingly, all my calls were clear to myself and to other callers. Calls with
background noise were still clear. Lack of official noise cancellation not
missed due to the great seal of these. These are on par with my daughters Jabra
65t Elite Actives minus the app, pause on remove option and pass thru. Great
volume, bass and highs. Nice full sound mixture of each without any being
overpowering. Also, these can be used individually due to the Qualcomm chip.
Almost passed on these due to no "pass thru" to hear around me. Luckily, I can
break the seal of these without risking them falling out. Something I could
never do with other ear buds. Awesome case. Small easy to access and magnetic
attachment for buds. Buds fit with or without wing tips. Case gives battery
indicate and also pairs the buds. Pairing very easy and reliable. When paired,
phone shows both buds individually. You can put EITHER ONE one back in the case
and maintain seamless connectivity as long as you START out pairing with the
right one. This sold me. These checked all my boxes for $89 bucks!I inquired to
seller (AIA Store - Amazon Marketplace) about the same buds on Amazon listed for
$209, whetheror not these were real or "knock offs".He responded: "There is no
difference between their $209 ship from JP and Our hot sale pricing of $89 in
US".Sure enough, these arrived via PRIME NEW in MAVIN retail packaging, in
excellent condition. Glad I asked. Highly recommend.
    I really like how pocketable this product is I would have preferred a matted
black case instead of the piano black just because overtime it will get a lot of
visible scratches. I would have also preferred a USBC port to charge opposed to
Micro USB. The other thing is the silicon material used for the wing tips
collects a lot of lint unlike others that so not this is a real negative. I
would have also preferred the control buttons to be on the side or a touch
function vs. the press button because it causes the earbud when pressed to
unseal and also jams them into the ear canal. Overall I really like this earbuds
and can't wait for version 2.0!
    I've tried a few diff pairs of ear buds, some you have to pair multiple
times, they're uncomfortable and you have to shove them far in to your ear to
get decent sound.  I haven't had any of that with these.  They're comfortable,
they charge in the case pretty fast, and the sound quality (including bass)
works for me....I guess it would also depend on what song you're listening to,
but these are for keeps as far as I'm concerned.I don't use these daily, except
when doing house chores.  I listen to Amazon Music, 60's, 70', 80's music...some
club music too.  For me, the noise cancellation seems as good as the $300 pair
of Bose over the ear wireless head phones...the real test of course will be
plane travel..Summary, I'd buy again and recommend to others.Thanks!!
    These earbuds sound great, but the first thing you need to do when you get
them is to replace the silicone tips with a set of memory foam tips (5-6mm
inlet) for better sound isolation. The earbuds tend to be uncomfortable at
first, I found that memory foam tips significantly alleviate that problem. Bass
is really punchy, lows and mids are crisp once you get a good seal. Battery life
is great. I don't listen to music all day but I'm getting well over 5 hours
playing time out of these buds. The manufacturer's 100 feet Bluetooth
connectivity claim might be true in open space. I observed roughly 35 feet
indoor. I walk several blocks in Manhattan on my way to work, and connectivity
is briefly disrupted by perhaps strong electrical signals, particularly when
crossing street lights - not a big deal. Unlike the Mifo 05, which I liked very
much, pairing is easy and reliable. I have had to return two units (Mifo05) due
to pairing issues.I have yet to test these buds' water resistance but they're
rated IPx5. I don't think you need to use the sleeves that come with it but it's
relative - my foam tips firmly secures them in my ear canals. Ear fatigue is the
only drawback with these buds but memory foam tips alleviate the problem.These
buds have grown on me over the past week. They're loud, clear and have really
punchy bass...well worth the money.
    Battery Life: Stellar. I use them all day at work, charge them at lunchtime,
and they don't die even when I go to the gym right afterwards.Fit: Fits great.
They were a little slippery when I was working up a sweat, but once I put the
sweat fins on, they fit and don't feel loose.Sound Quality: Excellent. I've
owned airpods and the original powerbeats. I tried the new powerbeats 2 but
those were too bassy for me and the hook is uncomfortable. These are
better.Connectivity: I have had 0 dropouts. In fact, I often forget my phone and
walk a distance away before realizing because the range is so good. Most apps
adjust for latency automatically so there's no video sync issues.Cons: The only
cons are the lack of touch controls. I end up taking out one ear bud when
changing the volume so I don't push it in my ear.Overall: These are a great set
of TWS earphones and exceeded my expectations with regards to sound quality,
battery life, and range.
    First and foremost, Ive tried a few different recent iterations of the
"true" wireless Bluetooth earbuds - that includes Sennheiser's Momentum true
wireless ... In my opinion, these are honestly a far better value, and a better
product.TL;DR - These are phenomenal , buy them !Sound: They sound excellent ,
APTX ensures that. The fact that they also support AAC is a nice touch for the
apple users considering purchasing these. Do they sound as good as the
Sennheisers? No - but they sound 95% as good , and have other pros that make
them a no brainer.Comfort: Out the box I wasn't a fan of how they fit in my ears
with the stock silicon tips - They weren't terrible, but they didn't seal up as
tight as id like. Fortunately I had plenty of knockoff comply foam tips Ive
purchased for other earbuds in the past in bulk from china and  managed to fit
them on... it was a very tight fit getting them on, but what a game changer !
With the foam tips the bass tightened up quite a bit and the sound improved
markedly. They sit comfortably in the ear and and can definitely handle the gym
or going for a run.Connection: nothing to say here , connection was rock solid.
Whether its bluetooth 5.0 or the fact that these earbuds dont use the regular
"master , slave " mentality most other earbuds use , connection was phenomenal
(each earbud gets audio sent to it independently versus going to one earbud
first than relayed to the other)Call quality: fantastic call quality , call goes
to both ear buds and not just one ! both ear buds also have a good mic and
people on the other end of the call couldn't tell I was using a pair of earbuds
to talk to them. No complaints !Design : What I really like about these earbuds
is that because they dont use the traditional master / slave design , each ear
bud can be used separately. For example, you can pull out either left or right
ear bud on its own and it will function just fine , apple airpods style.
absolutely awesome that you dont always have to use the pair together. The
Buttons on each earbud are also very clicky and pretty intuitive to use to skip
tracks , answer calls, raise / lower volume.Battery: Best battery life ive seen
thus far in this style of earbuds... its stupid good. The 10 hour claim per
charge is pretty accurate from my usage , but im also using it on a Note 9 which
has a snapdragon 845 processor - Snapdragon 845 onward gets extra battery
efficiency from the chipset they are using from qualcomm so your mileage may
vary.Pairing: Pairs like any other bluetooth device, no complains , no problems
pairing - simpleOverall these are fantastic , I found them a few months ago on
Qualcomms APTX website whilst looking for a good pair of true wireless earbuds
hoping theyve implemented APTX in any of them yet. At the time these were on
Indigogo and not released , im very happy theyve made it to production and are
actually being sold because they have certainly raised the bar in my eyes from
what id expect from a pair of "true" wireless bluetooth earbuds. Best purchase
ive made in a while !
    these bluetooth wireless buds have an amazing battery life the sound is
fairly decent high-quality it could use a little bit more bass but it's not
completely baseless either the ability to pair each one individually was awesome
the newest bluetooth technology and range was amazing these bluetooth earbuds
have so much potential the only problem that i found was that they hurt my ears
they did not fit in my ears and it was not because of my ears it's because the
design and the shape i've tried out mini bluetooth earbuds in the shape of these
just it any length of time 5 minutes 10 minutes they hurt my ears they're too
wide and too large for most people's ears maybe in a second generation if they
were to correct this and add a little bass so that you can have a little more
bass heavy sounds these would be the most perfect earbuds
    So far I'm increasingly impressed with the overall quality of these. I've
been usinga Beats  Wireless headset for the past 1.5- 2 years. Beats  held up
well for my  4 to 5 hours of daily use for both phone calls and music and
decided to upgrade when I started getting a buzzing out of one ear piece. I
tried a true Wireless  headset by Alterola and was sorely disappointed by the
sound quality or lack there of. I kept the volume maxed out and still could
barely hear some phone calls. That's not good enough and not in the same league
as Beats as far as sound goes.  So went back to shopping and bought these by
mavin.  Damn what a difference.  True Wireless yet still even beats near
Wireless  can't compare to the volume and sound quality of these. I'm impressed.
Battery life is solid as well...  I generally am using the left ear piece solo
but for whatever reason if the right bud is not within range the left doesn't
work either.  I'm assuming the right bud is the main ear piece and do would be
nice if they made them both completly stand alone ...not complaining just
saying.  Overall they're pretty impressive.
    For the price these can't be beat. I have used these earbuds for over a
month now at the gym and offshore working and have had no issues with them at
all. While the sound isn't audiophile perfect it is very good with just enough
bass for what I use them for. They fit good in the ear and can't even make them
fall out no matter how hard I move and shake my head. Battery life is
excellent...I charged the case before going offshore for 4 weeks and charged it
once while I was out there. Not even sure I had to charge it just did after 2
weeks and they are still going strong. Pairing to my phone was very easy, just
push the button on the case and paired. They are so good I ordered another set
for my wife and she loves them too!
    BATTERY LIFE on these is amazing especially when you consider how small they
are.  These are based on Qualcomm 3026 chipset which is why the battery Life is
so good.  Each earbud lasts 9+ hours playtime, I actually haven't tested them to
the full extent of battery life yet. I can't say how many charges the case
offers but I can tell you that I use each earbud approx 4hrs a day 5 days a week
and I charge the case maybe every 2 weeks. So do the math haha I essentially get
80+ hours of playback with the case before I charge it because I use the earbuds
separately.What I like most is the ability to use them independent of each
other. They appear on the phone as Air-X L and Air-X R sometimes when switching
them you need to go into your Bluetooth settings on phone and connect to the bud
you want to use. They do sync up perfectly when they are both out of the case, I
think the right is primary.  There in no ergonomic difference between then so I
am able to insert both buds into my right ear (left bud fits upside down) since
that's my preference when only using one. When using them independently they
operate the same; they can both answer calls and button functions are the same.
A single press to play music or answer calls, a 1 sec press to pause/reject
call, a 1 sec press to call up Google Assistant (when nothing is paying)You
cannot change volume without both connected. The button logic is a little
annoying you have to hold a button down for 1 second (you'll hear a single
chime) to pause a song but if you hold it for 2 seconds (2 chimes) it
disconnects and goes into pairing mode. 3 seconds (3 chimes) turns off r earbud,
and so on.They are a little pricey, I'm no audiophile but they sound really good
to me, I love how small they are and the case is small enough to fit into the
change pocket on my jeans.
    These earbuds were exactly what I was looking for. I was looking for in
early true wireless buds that were light and comfortable, and tried the jabra
elites and the Samsung Galaxy buds. The jabras sounded great but they were just
a little too bulky and uncomfortable over long periods of use. Samsung's were
super comfortable but the sound lacke depth.The mavin air x matches if not
exceeds the best qualities if the jabras and the Galaxy buds. They sound as good
if not better than the jabras, with deep punchy bass and crisp trebles. Once I
put the sport fins on they were as comfortable if not more comfortable than the
Galaxy buds. They don't fall out ever at the gym, and barely even move when I'm
running, doing sit ups, jump roping or even hitting the heavy bag. I found the
Galaxy buds were snug but needed to be wedged in deep to stay snug, whereas the
mavins just kinda rest in my ear canal and never causes ear fatigue. I wore
these on a 4.5 hour flight plus another hour at the airport and my ears never
got tired, just a little sweaty.Battery life is as promised. I've had these for
2 weeks and have never seen the battery read below 50% and I still haven't
charged the case. I was waiting for it to die before I wrote a review but it
just refuses to. Aside from my flight I wear them about 1.5 hrs a day for the
gym and sporadically throughout the day, so I'm not a heavy user, but I'm damn
impressed nonetheless.Range is good along as there are no walls between you and
the device. But I hardly ever use these from across the room so it's really a
non issue.My only wish is a listen-through feature like the jabras or even the
Galaxy buds but it's not really a huge problem for me anyway. Since they
function independently I can pop one out if someone is talking to me. It doesn't
stop playing music when you take them out of your ear the way Samsung or the
jabras do, which can be a downside for some people.I searched all over for the
perfect true wireless buds and I'm glad I gave these a shot. I wish more
companies would use the Qualcomm tech in these cuz it's seriously revolutionary.
I'm frankly shocked I don't see more reviews of these online. They blow the
mainstream buds out of the water in performance, not to mention value.
    These are an amazing pair of TWS earbuds. The sound quality is incredible.
The bass is very good, the best I've heard from any other earbud. They dont
sound muddy. There I'd the tiniest amount of lag when watching YouTube, and is
even more present if you watch Kodi. This is on my Note 9, aptx protocol enabled
for bluetooth. The sound seems to sync up around 10-20 seconds after the video
is started. It doesn't bother me since I bought these for music. They are a
little uncomfortable for me after extensive wear, not unbearable though. I just
wouldn't be able to wear them 10 hours straight. I ended up needing the wingtips
to keep them in my ear so I like that they were included. Overall I would
purchase again.
    Over the years I have used many different Bluetooth headsets. My favorite up
until now was the Jaybird X line, had the X and X3 models over the years. The
Mavin earbuds having no wire to bounce around while I am running makes for a
completely different (better) experience. The earbuds are super comfortable and
stay in my ears surprisingly well. I do use the included sport covers which
provide a little bit of extra retention while exercising but the sport covers
are probably not needed.The battery life is incredible. I have never had the
earbuds run out of charge, including on the weekends when I will wear them
almost all day working on projects. I charge the case once per week.The range is
far better than any other Bluetooth headset I have ever used. I can put my phone
on charge in the center of my house (~4000sq. ft.) and go anywhere in my house
without any connectivity issues.I do agree with others that the logo is too big.
I have the black earbuds and a couple of coats with a black sharpie has "fixed"
the logo on the earbuds. I don't care about the logo on the case as it is
normally in my pocket.
    I've tried many ear buds from galaxy gear to sol republic and more in my
quest to find a solid pair to use for work. These mavins are really good. I was
skeptical at first because at first glance they look kind of cheap in comparison
to the other major brands. The buds themselves are lighter than I expected.
Pros- the battery life is crazy! Have not ran them dead yet and longest I went
so far it's about 7 1/2 hours straight on one bud, the sound is pretty good has
enough in all eq areas, they pair fairly easy, they charge pretty quick full
less than 1 hour, live up to the 100 ft range. Cons- they fit pretty good and
don't fall out but not as comfortable for me as other brands I've tried.
Samsung's are most comfortable out of the ones I've tried, when using one bud at
a time none of the button functions work. Can't skip tracks or pause or
play(have not tried call functionality with one bud), by far the best bass was
sol republic amps air hands down but these do have good bass response. No USB C
cable for charging and I think this should be a standard by now, there is no
companion app for these which would be cool and make customizing your sound easy
as well as button assignment, no internal storage(which i really like about the
samsung buds). All in all these are a solid purchase for anyone needing long
battery life and good sound. I'm more than happy because before I'd have to have
more than one pair of buds to switch out as they went dead or go without music
for a major portion of my work day. And the fact that they have good sound,
individual bud use, great range and superior battery life totally worth the
money. I only spent $140 and have spent more for less with other brands. Hope
this long review helps someone else searching for truly wireless buds
    Great Earbuds, the range is as good as said to be. The audio quality is
great, while I haven't used airpods I can't imagine it could be any better.These
sit comfortably in the ear placed properly so that the notification led is right
behind the Tragus (the little protruding piece above your earlobe). If you don't
insert them properly though, I can see how people might complain about how they
fit. I recommend swapping out the tips to the small rounded ones included.The
notification leds are mostly inactive in the ear so no worry there about
flashes. The audio seems properly synced to watch video. These shipped several
days before they were supposed to, they were listed to be in stock on the 5th
expecting a delivery on the 7th or later and I received them on the 2nd.My only
complaint is the Mavin logo on the earbuds. It's not so bad, they look much
better than most wireless earbuds, and you can easily buy a decal sticker and
cut it to fit like I have.5/5 I hope these get the recognition they deserve.
    I’m terrible with electronics but I love music! I wanted something
comfortable. I’m an apple user but their earbuds hurt. I’ve had theses for about
a week and they are comfortable and come with 3 different size tips and two
different size cover pieces to help stay in ears. I say that to say there will
be a configuration that’s for you. I’ve only charged my case once and it’s still
more than halfway charged. For songs that switch sides it does that! It has
great bass but not over powering and I have no issues with delays in videos.
Also the individual use is great right or left. As soon as I take one out of the
case it automatically connects to my phone. Great buy and completely worth it! I
have no opinion on the distance thing because I haven’t tried it. My phone is
usually in my pocket.
    I bought these headphones after hearing about them almost a year ago. The
Qualcomm QCC3026 chip really, really solves nearly all the issues that TWEs have
had to this point. The Air-X's sound AMAZING. The bass is boomy and the
highs/mids are perfectly crisp. There is no audio/video lag, probably because of
both the BT 5.0 AND the fact that the True Stereo Plus enabled by the chip
allows each bud to be paired separately...at the same time. The tips included
will more than likely fit everyone, and the sports stabilizers will probably
help the rest. They really do have amazing battery life...I've had to charge the
case once in almost a week of use. Heavy use. The range is amazing as well, just
be careful of walls/obstructions. They're small, discreet and the case is a near
copy of the AirPods case.The big, big caveat of these features is that the
QCC3026 requires either the Snapdragon 845 or 855 processor on board your device
to be fully utilized. I have a LG G7 ThinQ so my phone supports it. Sadly, only
phones from perhaps the last year or two will have the 845 (Galaxy S9, Pixel 3,
OnePlus 6/6T, Xperia ZX2/3 etc). This may explain why this tech is not more
widely used in TWEs currently.  Give the market a year or two more and we may
see more buds with this amazing chip in them.It's definitely worth it...if you
have the right device to pair them with.PS...careful with the case. After
dropping it once the hinge is slightly loose and kinda creaks now.
    I wonder how many reviews were bought by the company. The claims about sound
quality and battery life are all true, the niggling bits like no firmware update
with an app and sometimes clunky controls are also true. But no reviews mention
that the microphone sucks especially in environments louder than a mouse
whispering. City street noise makes it difficult for me to be heard sometimes it
is easier to hear the noise around me than me. Trying to talk on a bus is an
exercise in futility, either all the other person hears is grabbled noise or I
have to practically shout to only barely be heard.
    First I would like to say I can’t take these things out of my ears. I really
enjoy listening to my music for hours while walking and working in the yard.
Yes I did purchase the foam ear tips and that have improved the comfort and
seal.  Now you must have a Snapdragon 845 or 855 chipset for all us Android
users to get the best results from these earbuds just keep that in mind as you
make your decision to purchase these buds.  I’m very happy with these earbud
selection and they check all my desires:  Loud enough; Bass; Mids; and Highs.
Give them a try and start enjoying your wireless earbud experience.
    These sound amazing. Surprisingly good bass. The battery last all day.
Connection is pretty good. About 50ft for me. Was expecting better but I was
only 50ft away to test it. No reason to be 50ft away from your phone lol. Love
that one side isn't slave to another. They both work independently from one
another if you just use it for hands free calling. They isolate outside sound
very well. Can be a bad thing. It's like putting in earplugs.
    POR1. I was standing 2ft away from running generator & called my husband to
test it out. my husband said he could  hear me clearly.2. fully charged in 2
hours.3. really small. does not hurt my ears. I once forgot that I had it on &
fell sleep.4. has many different colors. our family each have different color so
we never get confused.CON1. battery indicator in house & ear piece is bit
confusing.2. control option doesn't work when used as mono.3. closing could be
better4. could use some way to carry it better. there is no way to carry it with
me with my phone.
    I'm sure five hour's is enough but my circumstances I need longer talk time
and thinking it'll be a while until they die. They do. The battery charge seems
like fifty hour's but I'm making sure it's doing exactly what is being claimed.
Microphone on the first night picked up Morse code or something and background
noise is always constant. Conversation can be difficult at times since your
voice might not be heard depending the location.I thought I found my replacement
for the collar, which is the point of removing the sensation of something
gripping on your neck but can I really say it'll be worth it right now. It's an
endless race to a early preview. You want it than get it now or be patient until
the technology is perfect with a cheaper price tag.
    The in-ear driver portion of the earbud is over 8mm in diameter! I don't
have small earholes, but unless you have earholes the size of the Grand Canyon
or want to pierce your ear canals, ya ain't gonna get them in or to stay in.
Sound was tinny at best with no perceivable bass and little midrange as well.
Even turning my head slightly and gently, the earbuds fell out. All the supplied
tips were pretty much the same size, i.e. LARGE and the covers that were
supposed to help retain the buds in the ear actually made getting the earbud in
the ear and keeping it there actually made it WORSE! Very dissatisfied with the
product especially considering they cost over $130.00!
    Sound is important to me. The Air-x has excellent sound, but no were close
to 100 ft. More  like 30. But most of the time I have my watch on. The mike is a
joke but they sound so good I'm giving it 4 stars. Sounds better than jabra
elite, looks and sound is better  than Bose sport better than galaxy buds and
they are comfortable. They all lack somewhere. I'm keeping these because they of
the sound, comfort, look and they can really hold a hold a charge
    The silicone ear tips on the ear pod become loose much too soon  (just over
1 month)  and get stuck in your ear.  But this happens AFTER the return period
ends. Range, and sound are very good. The fit is good until ear tip stretch
happens and then the user become frustrated having to dig the silicone tip out
of the ear. and resorts back to a MUCH cheaper pair that the ear tips are still
fitting well even though I have had them much longer.
    pros:-battery life is very long-aptx means video and audio is synced-earbud
is small and light.- case is small and easily pocketablecons/wishlist:-in
android i wish there was a way to tell remaining battery life on the earbuds
while in use (maybe a companion app?)-aptxHD would have been nice-no active
noise cancelling
    Great alternatives for airpods! Get a little uncomfortable after an hour of
wearing it, and the design is a little too geometric. Would have preferred a
more rounded edge design. Great button functionality too, so much functions with
two buttons! Another con I have is the seal. It's good, but not good enough to
hear that really good bass. Might return, depending if the week goes by good
with these.UPDATE: I have it an extra when putting it in my ears. Bass got
clearer, sound got super great! Easily hands down better balance sound compared
to my BSIMB Wireless earbuds (which by the way, are really good also).
    So far im really lovin thease battery life is best iv owned and this is at
least my tenth pair of true wireless earbuds im not sure on the range yet  but
for sound its great and will update if distance is not as advertised. But as of
this moment thease are definitely my favorite
    The sound and performance are great. They sound as good as my low end wired
IEMs. The battery will get me through my work day if it is charged fully. I can
wander around my office without any interruption of bluetooth. However the
reason I knocked a couple of stars is that the case will not charge the ear buds
past 65% unless it is plugged in while charging.
    Update: I made two calls today, and the other party could not hear my voice.
I could hear the other party's voice. No way, I could only return.  I hope that
manufacturers will solve this problem, I will buy this product again.  Merchant
have received the return for a long time, why not refund the money, where should
I go to complain?
    This headphones are nice. The sound is good and all this last for one day
with one charge. Connection is rarely brakes but only when I'm far away from my
phone. But I can't say that is a 100 ft range, little bit less but it is not a
problem. The real problem I met after 3 weeks of exploitation:  that  earbud
were made from two parts attached with a glue and some construction set, when
you using them too often you notice that this parts moves a little bit and
making a squeaky sound. But overall this is a good TWS with lightweight eadburds
but also with build problems
    These earbuds are better than anything I’ve ever purchased. I’ve owned a
whole lot of earbuds and none of them compare to the Air-X battery life or sound
quality. I just wish we could get the red and white ones through Amazon as well.
    These are a unique type of wireless headphones. They have Amazing Battery
Life! The sound was the peculiar thing about these headphones. They Sound Good,
you get a certain clarity with these headphones. You’ll notice background noises
for a video or a movie.  If you like Bass these DO NOT have enough bass, even if
you change the ear tips.They are VERY loud but for the price I expected
better!I’ve tried several different wireless headphones. In my honest opinion,
I’d only recommend this for someone, who would enjoy using the headphones for a
Very Long Amount of Time.
    Out of all my blu tooth headphones I love these the best so far. The sound
quality is awesome. Easy to get started. And battery life is wonderful. A little
pricey, but they say you get what you pay for. Also found memory foams that fit
and they took it over the top.
    Sound was excellent. Unfortunately, that's not enough.  Mic quality is just
bad for this price point. Controls are okay at best. Range did not get anywhere
near what they claimed. No app or anyway to control the buds was disappointing.
I really liked them a lot for music and the fit and battery.  I was disappointed
overall for what I paid for them.
    The battery life on these are unbelievable in comparison to other products.
I travel frequently and these are my favorite buds.  The sound quality is solid
but not the best I have heard.  The noise isolation is great.  I haven't taken
many calls but they seem to work fine.
    I bought these to replace my Mifo o5. I would have to say these sound
better. They connect faster and more seemless.But.... The battery life on the
buds only is not 12hrs. I bought these specifically for the longer runtime. Its
more like 7.5hrs. I have not tested the supposed 80hr recharge capability of the
case. As of right now I doubt it. Also the connection range is not as good as
the Mifo o5. The Mifo o5 initial connecting was horrible, once connected the
range was great.If you are looking for battery life these are not it.
    These earbuds started out great.  The first two days I used them the battery
lasted 8.5 hours at a moderate volume level.  On the third day the right earbud
battery would die after 5 hours while the left earbud maintained its 8+hour
life.  I hope that it was just a dud.  The sound quality is on par with my Jabra
Elite 65t's. They need to add the ability to connect to two devices at the same
time.  That and increased quality control and these are a 5 star product.
    This is a great product that provides clear and consistent audio connection
and sound in a small device.  The battery life is unmatched.  However, it was
hard to stay put in my small ears and kept falling out, so I had to return them,
but that might not be the case with other ears.
    Sound quality is great. Compared to Jabra elites, this has great bass.
Definitely better at listening to music. Can use one ear piece at a time.
Battery life is awesome. Can't find any foam ear tips at fit though. The Jabras
have a much better call quality, but other than that, the mavins win.
    These have great sound and battery life. The charging case is very nice. Ear
buds are very comfortable. I like the fact that either one of the buds can be
the master/main control. Not like my Jabra 65t. Only problem is Bluetooth
connecting on devices but once you are connected, the range is awesome. Call
quality is clear on both end. It would be great if Mavin had an app in the app
stores. Bottom line, these are a go for the price.
    Perfect earbuds. No complaints. One of my favorite. Actually my favorite
earbuds. Everything was amazing until I lost one of the earbuds. After that they
did not work the same. The one left needs the other to work properly. The other
one
    These headphones only come with a few ear tips so your choices for a good
fit are limited.  Sound is pretty good. Do not buy these for the range of 100
feet because that is totally a lie. I tested these and they would always start
cutting out after 30 feet. Talk quality is why I returned them. My friends all
said when I tested them with a call said that I was cutting in and out. So for
140.00 I'm sending these back.
    I use these to do gardening. Works a good distance away from my phone. I
have lost connection/ choppy connection a few times while my phone was in my
pocket. But overall worth the price
    headphones are pretty good for the price, but they fall out of the ear a
fair amount and this basically ruined my purchase - i turned my head to look at
traffic and my right earbud fell out and got crushed. So now I have one earbud -
which is, ahem, less than ideal. Messaged Mavin about whether it's possible to
get a replacement for one bud (even if i have to pay for it), but haven't heard
back.
    Sound quality seems solid, noise cancellation is good and the battery life
is excellent. The case however is extremely flimsy and the headphone controls
are a big uncomfortable to use as you're pushing the earphone into your ear
essentially.Also a bit annoying that it's priding itself on its Bluetooth
capabilities but the headphones are charged with a micro usb and not usb c.
    I'm really impressed by the sound quality when I'm listening to music which
captures my majority of use. The mic and the noise cancellation aspect have some
room for improvement. When I'm using the Bluetooth to make calls the other party
can identify a drastic drop in the audio quality during the phone conversation.
If Mavin can improve the mic that would be a nice needed improvement.
    These are awesome!!! Been using for more than a month. Fast charge, long
battery life, great quality audio, and if you need it loud, they can be super
loud. Will probably buy again. Just because I trust these now more than other
wireless earphones I've tried. I use these constantly at the gym and for travel.
Even for sleep.
    Super great sound bass, long & free distance as decribed, long battery to
enjoy listening your music, light & comfortable.Lastly, just buy without regret
I swear it's worth !!!
    I have a pair of Sony around the neck style earbuds,  these Mavin buds sound
almost as good, battery lasts almost as long, the range is twice as far, as no
annoying wires. These will be hard to beat.
    not as comfortable as I hoped
    Does not have the distance it claims to have.  Only get about 50 ft on a
clear path and a lot less indoors.
    My husband likes to watch movies at night in the bedroom - I don't.  Now, he
can watch as late as he likes without disturbing me!  And, he says they are very
comfortable, with great sound.
    This one is best of the best
    They're great
    Nice but the battery is at best ok.
    Giving these a 2 star review. Although sonically and form factor wise these
are great, the left earbud went out after 2 months and will no longer pair. Wish
it didn’t happen as I really like these.
    This product started out great! But 2 months later one of the headphones
doesn't work and you can't get a hold of anyone from the company to address the
problem.
    Pretty good but its hard to get buds to stay in ear. Could be a lil louder
    It is not expensive and I think it has very good quality.
    Better than many
    Last a long time between charges, absolutely noise canceling , and sound
quality is superb.
    I have this by two mont, and work perfetly, great sound, dont have lag, and
the batery is very long
    I like this design and color.And about sound quality, it is so good.And I
have never experienced any disconnection of bluetooth.I like mavin air x
    I like the quality of sound and the loudness. No dislike maybe the jail in
the earbud could be a little softer, but that's reaching.
    Impossible to pair left side. Only could pair right so I’m not sure how
these would sound, too frustrating!
    The left one not work and the customer support for the company not answerAnd
i have 1year warranty and its not pering
    Cheap for having aac and aptx resulting in low latency connections, decent
sound quality, overall a very good pair of Earbuds for the price.
    Very good design and sound love the red color and the fact that they work
with just one earbud
    Incredible Bluetooth range and clarity at high volume..
    Range is not that far like ad. Left earbud already broken, not working.
    I have tried several earbuds and these are better than the AirPods. Crisp,
nice bass sound. Get louder than all the rest I have tried. Worth every penny!
    Great product I've had a pair for over a year and just bought a new one for
my mother since it's so easy to use and very reliable
    I like the range and battery life.
    The product has worked flawlessly for me. The battery has lasted the full
time descpripted and the sound quality is the best I've ever owned.
    I’m not happy with the sound and the way it feel to my ears.
    the item was sent used and unbowed
    i like long battery life.
    Very long play time and great WiFi distance. The sound is fantastic!
