    使用１ヶ月でフル充電できなくなりPS4にはコントローラーのバッテリー容量が[　？　]と表示され使用しているとすぐに１目盛りになり使用できなくなります最悪
なことに出品者から返信はありませんでしたこの商品と同じような充電器が販売されていますがこれよりマグネット式のUSB充電ケーブルがありますのでそちらを使われた方が
汎用性もあっていいかと思います。
    画面では残量がないと言われるのに、充電をおいても赤色にならない。何がいけないか分からない。他の卓上も買ったが充電されず訳が分からない。
    ２台同時に充電することができるとの事で購入しました。付属の金具をコントローラーの差し込み口につけないと充電できない所は少し面倒です。自分のようにたまにゲ
ームをやる人には良いかもしれませんが、しょっちゅう充電してゲームをやりこむ人には余り向いてないような気がします
    とても良いと思います。背面アタッチメントが付いていても、充電出来るので、便利な商品です。
    充電出来てるかわからないことがある。また常にLEDが付いているので、消費電力が気になる。
    デザインや機能は満足していますが、充電用の端子が、2個しか使えず、4つ入っていたが不良品が半分なのは、キツすぎます。今回は、コントローラー2台だったので
よかったですがw
    Very nice charger, works very well. Blue led looks sharp, however maybe an
on/off switch for the led would give people the option to turn it off. I could
see it being distracting if it was in line of sight watching tv in a darker
room.The fact that it works with a little dongle instead of the charger having a
male plug to line up with the controller port makes it simple and worry free.
I’ve never been a fan of the ones without dongles. My favourite charger is still
the old intec ps3 wireless charge pad. I still use them today.I highly recommend
this charger, the fact that it comes with 4 dongles is great bonus too.
    This is a very nice charging dock. My only gripe is the little dongles that
plug into the controller mini usb could get easily lost. Comes with 5. They are
very small. Seems to work great, the charging base has a blue led light that
circles around the bottom and base plugs into a usb port. Kind of annoying.
    Like: magnetic dongles.  Super easy to use. No need to line up the
controller port to the micro-USB tip and push in on a charging stand anymore. (
I had the charging tip on a previous stand bent, broken and the charging port on
the DS4 scratched like someone took a screwdriver to it because the kids kept
jamming the controller in before realising it was not lined up )Dislike: This is
a very minor point. The 4 dongles that came with the charging stand are small
and prone to get lost.  would be nice if the manufacturer could have designed a
slot in the base so the spare dongles could be stored there.
    For this price I'm not going to say you won't find a magnetic dock unlike
this non magnetic one. Works just fine though, only issue is that the LED strip
running around the base is wayyy tooo bright for dark rooms, or when going to
bed, if this is in your bedroom... Have to turn it off.
    THIS is the worst product from CHINA i bought on Amazon. The charger work 1
time and after nada just after the refund time pass. I email them 2 Times and
they dont answer at all. They litteraly dont care to answer me.I repost dont buy
this dont buy this !!!!
    works as expected. makes it a lot easier to charge the ps4 controllers
rather than trying to plug them in like on other chargers. it’s also nice they
give you 4 dongles.
    Still working after a month or so.  No issues.  Controller seats a bit
awkwardly - your cats can tip the controllers off, but that is your problem, not
charger's.
    Super mon conjoint brisais toujours ses fils en jouant avec pour les charger
maintenant y joue pu avec les fils :) charge super bien facile à utiliser :)
    Just what I needed! Now I can always keep at least 4 controllers alive!
Great purchase, works perfect!
    Works as advertised. Extremely easy to charge just place on the holder and
it turns red to indicate it is charging or blue if fully charged.
    Parfait! Super d’avoir 4 adaptateurs  ce qui permet de les laisser dans les
manettes et ainsi éviter de les perdre !
    Not having to have a cord makes life easier.
    Works like a charm....no complaints. I love the fact you do not have to keep
plugging a cord into the mini usb port....the little mini  adapters makes that
headache go away.....good product.
    It works okay works fine nice product would recommend it.
    Practical product for the preservation of the PS4 mannete charge port
    Magnifique
    Médiocre
    Looks really cool
    Great product
    Way more convenient than the others without this tiny dongle. Highly
recommended.
    Easy to use. Great price
    Exactly what he wanted. Was surprised it was a lower price than expected.
    Unfortunately  within a week of the return window closing it stopped
actually charging. The lights change color like they are charging but when you
take them off after charging all night they last for about 10 minutes.
    I thought I would suck but it’s really useful it feel like it charges your
remotes faster
    Work better then others i have tried
    Muy bueno
    I love it
