    This review is now several months in to my ownership of these earbuds.I
purchased these due to the perceived good name of Motorola.  I have found
difficulties with the product none of which are solvable with the limited on
line help.  There is no possibility of an update so I am left with what came in
the packet.The tubular black power pack the two buds are carried in looks good,
the tiny buds look terrific and ... no, that's it there's nothing else.  The
limited amount of play time, a bit less than 3 hours, is not the worst of the
problems.  Chiefly it is that only on rare occasions do both ear buds power up
and connect with my phone in stereo or even mono.  Most of the time the 'tap' to
attach the ear bud (I will continue to use singular because that is all I can
often get to work - occasionally it's the right, occasionally it's the left)
leaves me standing there feeling stupid whilst I tap, tap and tap again at the
unresponsive ear bud eventually one deigns to connect to my phone.  The sound is
alright (yes I know damning with faint praise).  I only ever seem to listen to
audio books at night in bed so it's okay when I roll over and switch the single
working bud to the ear that's not against my pillow (there I going trying to be
nice and positive) but really these were a waste of money.  I'd love to be able
to tell you how well.or unwell they were making or receiving calls but I haven't
a clue as their functioning is too irregular to use to make or receive a phone
call .I wholeheartedly do not recommend these to anyone.I can't give zero stars
and whilst I say they look terrific (they really do) that gives a false
impression that they may be terrific which they are not.I didn't return them as
I figured nothing was really wrong with it it was just a poorly performing
product.  It has really put me off the brand.
    El diseño es bastante discreto y elegante, se emparejan con tu smartphone
super fácil y puedes utilizarlos de manera independiente ambos traen micrófono
pero si traes ambos solamente toma el micrófono del audífono derecho, se cargan
bastante rápido tanto la batería como los audífonos aproximadamente la carga te
dura unas 4 horas de uso constante y con la batería puedes cargarlos al completo
dos veces mas, lo único malo es que su alcance no es tan grande unos 3 o 4
metros, pero para salir a correr no se caen, tienen buen agarre y vienen 3
juegos de gomas que aíslan bastante bien el sonido.
    Buena batería en el estuche hasta 3 recargas, tiene control táctil en ambos
auriculares, de gran ayuda para contestar, colgar, pausar o continuar música, y
lo mismo con las películas importante no presentan retazo en Netflix ni Amazon
prime como ves la imagen escuchas el audio sin desfaz
    Recomendado, son prácticos, su batería se guarda donde sea, el material es
de calidad y el sonido es fuerte gracias a que se acomodan bien en el oido por
sus "gomitas"
    Los audífonos son lo que esperaba en cuanto dimensiones y materiales, pero
al principio tuve problemas para reproducir contenido, se cortaba demasiado la
señal, pero pasando un par de días se arregló.
    Están preciosos, pero se me caen de las orejas, entonces no sé que tan buena
elección hayan sido para mí
    Excelente producto me agrada muchoBuen sonidoY maravilloso diseño
    Great little set of earbuds, looks stunning (for the price) and has great
ergonomics, both in the carrying case, which will fit basically anywhere, and in
the 2 buds while in the ears. Both units work independently (they both have
microphones built in) and will automatically sync if powered up in succession,
even if the first one is already connected to a device. When both powered up and
connected, powering down one will power down the other too. Command button is
touch sensitive and perfectly placed at the top of the unit, sensitivity is a
little on the heavy side but it prevents unintentional activations. Carrying
case has magnetic tips so the 2 buds will be secured by the magnets with a very
tight fit. The sound output is adequate for the price point but nothing to write
home about, best use is definitely phone conversations. Both buds feature a
multi color LED status indicator (connected, pairing, charging, battery low).In
short, highly recommended.PRO:Ultra portable, can't take less space that
thisStylish, both buds and case look great and professionalStrong bluetooth
connectionIntuitive controls, only one touch button per bud can manage most of
the functions...CONS...excluding volumeSound is only averageLeft microphone is
somewhat less powerful than the right one for conversationsNo active noise
canceling
    Update-As of January 15th, the left earbud has now stopped working, It
powers on but no Audio, super disappointed..be cautious, maybe I got a bad
set... so disappointedI have always liked Motorola and in the past they have
been really innovative, but maybe not get the credit they deserve now a days.  I
had decided to get a pair of true wireless blue tooth headphones, I shopped
around on eBay and Amazon and Bestbuy.  Of course some were way too expensive,
too cheap, to big etc.. .I stumbled on the Motorola Verve 300 and knew that I
liked Motorola so I decided to give them a shot, for 50.00 it was worth the
risk.  I love these,  the clean round shape stays in place while I run, it pairs
very easily, the construction seems to be a lightweight metal, the tubular
charging/storage case is sleek and fits into my pocket or messenger bag nice and
compact.  I would highly recommend these.
    they are compatible with my Motorola Phone. I like the App that comes with
them. The locator feature is very helpful. The sound quality is good and its
easy to answer my calls with them. The microphone works well too. I would
recommend them for the convenience and the value for the money.
    these headphones sound really tinny and lack mid range and low end terribly.
they also randomly turn on by themselves and connect to the most recent device.
in my case, my cell phone.  this causes me to miss phone calls, etc.  very
annoying.  I've found no solution to this.  you can get much better Chinese ear
buds for less than half the price of these.  very disappointing for a company
like Motorola.  these really suck and should cost no more than 15 dollars at
most.
    I tried everything with these earbud things - but everyone I tried to talk
with could not hear me and I had to use speaker phone, which I really do not
like to do!  And then to make it worse - there is a window after which you
cannot return them - really unhappy!
    Pros:1. Clean and professional look.2. Long Battery life for the size.
Surpass my reasonable expectations.3. They work individually, my preferred
method. I only use one at a time. Is especially useful if I were to loose one.4.
Range, 20+ with line of sight.5. Easy to set up, atleast for me.6. Low price, if
they breakdown or get lost is something you could easily replace. Atleast,
compare to others.Cons:1. Ruber piece that goes in your ear falls off easily. It
hasn't occurred in my ear, but almost everytime I clean it.2. If you're into
listening music don't have high expectations. Is good for a casual user and for
listening to podcasts.3. Phone calls suck. Usable indoors, not outside for
me.For $45 I definitely recommend. I love the look and individual functionality
of the earbuds. I personally don't care for the cons, Is not like I broke my
budget to buy these. This are my personal opinion based on 48 hours of heavy
use.
    Wow I am very impressed. I wanted to wait to review and use these several
times. I have.  The nature of my listening is typically 1 ear, moving around a
big space with lots of walls with phone stationary. The reception is very very
good. They reconnect EVERY SINGLE TIME. that has been my biggest complaint with
other brands. I have been burned with others that never connect. Also, the
buttons are touch sensitive but they do not do very many things which is nice.
They are simple and comfortable. The battery life is good. I have almost lost
the buds because they are small so I put them back into the holder every time.
The holder is very small so I can carry it In My pocket. I even added a clip.
    Only issue is that, when using on phone calls, recipients are say they are
having a difficult time hearing hearing me.  Besides that, am able to listen to
music as advertised and  hear recipients very well.
    The battery notification is rather annoying, the touch function leaves a lot
to be desired, you practically have to smash it into your ear to register
anything, but worst of all is that the audio keeps disconnecting from one
another but the they're both still in the correct position.I've noticed
something more annoying than anything else it will randomly connect from the
charger, what kind of idiot let that pass?
    Discreet and minimalist, just the way I like things. Sounds great. Battery
could last a little longer and I don't care for the, "hello moto" soundfile that
plays every single time they sync to your Bluetooth, however, a solid purchase.
    That's good 😊 .I watched two movies with this.The Battery life is so good 👌
.Sounds quality is really good 👍.I love that ❤️
    I've waited to write this review. I have had 2 pairs of these earbuds in the
last 2½ months. The first pair one of the earbuds wouldn't charge. No big deal.
Well the 2nd pair both charged but had other problems with these. They seem like
the wouldn't hold a charge very long. I had connectivity issues with the
bluetooth. I couldn't  get them to hook up with my desktop computer  at all. And
sometimes after I just hook themput to a with a device they would shut off and
disconnect. Never had this problem with the first set. From my experience with
these earbuds they are complete garbage.
    Like others are reporting it's a crap shoot to get these to connect properly
and sync up for stereo listening, individually they work fine. These are more a
pair of mono buds rather than stereo earbuds. Returning for something that works
    This device is awesome.. The battery on these mini ear pieces even outlast
my cell phone LG-(V40). I work in a hospital and can only use one earned because
I have to be able to hear overhead pages. One earbud is enough for me. You wont
regret it.
    Once you out your hands on it you can not live without , super easy to pair
and fits almost everywhere.Due to the size does a great job on noice cancelation
    Hated them. I onlyvgave it 2 stars because of the comfort and design. You
can only use one bud at a time. Had I known it wasn't stereo sound I would have
passed. Everyone says I sound far away when I use them and you have to sync the
ear buds separately for them to work. Should have returned.
    Sound quality is quite good, but bluetooth connectiom reaches 30 40ft if
there is nothing in the way and microphone quality is poor is hard to be heard
during calls
    Ordered June 10th, not working as of September 11... left one stopped
working about so weeks prior and the right just gave out
    Do not buy only got to use them twice before they became un-paired with each
other now I only can use left earbud worthless not worth the $48 wasted
    La batería es muy buena, y son muy cómodos,
    Terrible - AND they are sticking me with a $4.33 restocking fee!!!!It wasn't
my fault they didn't work and only 1 ear bud would pair - this isn't fair at
all... I should not be charged anything for a faulty item - especially at
Christmas time.Come on..........
    The touch part didn't work as expected
    They are nice and compact. Connecting is good just staying connected and
always cutting out.  Can't get far from the phone and they cut out.  Don't try
walking somewhere or running they cut off with just a little wind.  Wish they
where better love Motorola products but these I wish I would have gotten
something different.
    Very nice earbuds, except this 8a my second pair and the r9ght headphone
doesnt even come on. The first pair was nice. Now I have e to return and get
them to replace the broken earphones.
    Small nice, and confortable
    Great thanks again
    Left ear bud stopped working after a few weeks. Wouldn’t recommend.
    I loved how they worked an sounded but after 1 month. One of them STOPPED
WORKING COMPLETELY!!!!!!!!!  WHY?????  I don’t know !!!!!!! I’m NOT. REALLY
HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT!!!!
    It could be better with noise cancelation and better grip as they fall off
easily. And aren’t the most confortable!
    Good for the price. Handy feature such as tap to pause, double tap to skip a
track,  hold press to power off.
    I liked the sound. They would keep popping out of my ear while I was
working. While on the phone, the sound quality wasn't great; I sounded muffled.
    Im Sensitive having plugs in my ears so I couldn’t wear them for a long
period
    Idk what people didn't like bout these but all function work properly they
are comfortable and stay n the ear good I have a Moto G7 and they work perfectly
together Motorola always delivers!
    Great earbuds last about 10 hrs of play time on a single charge
    They are comfortable and have great sound.  Nice compact package and very
easy to pair with your device.  Well worth the money.
    The sound quality is good. I use it when I am working out to listening to
music and when I am watching a movie
    Good and compact.  Mainly used for listening.  Battery life is decent for
something this small.
    The item did not auto pair..I can only use the buds one at a time..Im very
dissatisfied with the product
    Only issue I find is that the no real control of volume and other items
without have to go to the phone.
    I dropped an earphone and Couln”t get it back, before that I had loved it.
    Muy buenos los recomiendoVery good
    It is great!
    Excelente producto 👍🏼
    Terrible public sound quality.
    Muy buen sonido
